Speaker 1  0:00  
Hi, James, hello, hello. So today we are Ninth Street pharmacy. Day one, using Titan, yeah, okay. So, as always, is a bit hectic, busy as ever. Two PMR systems. How have you find it so far?

Speaker 2  0:17  
Really easy. Yeah, the old one is, like, outdated, it feels like after using the Titan, it has really good features, like long listing of features. I like the bulk picking, particularly, it gives us a sheet of what the items we need to pick, and in the score and alphabetical order. It's really easy and saves a lot of time.

Speaker 1  0:40  
So we done batch flow today. We print up loads of a four documents. And as you said, we went along. We picked up loads of stuff, exactly. And your dispensers right now, dispensing all those medications, yeah, yeah. And it was easy for you to communicate what was in stock and what was out.

Speaker 2  0:56  
Yeah, you can write some notes on side of the medication. It's owing or fragile,

Speaker 1  1:01  
good communication, yep, you spend most of your time over the counter. Yes, I do. How was that for you?

Speaker 2  1:06  
Today? Was easy to hand out and finding the prescription from the particular cage before you used to have an alphabetical order. Yep, these ones, yeah, so you have to go through all the

Unknown Speaker  1:21  
boxes to find the prescription.

Speaker 1  1:22  
So you got time consuming. You got shaft location now, to make it easier to locate it,

Speaker 2  1:28  
now I know whether it's been already bagged and ready to hand out, or it's still on the process, or still we have to get the prescription from the surgery and everything, so it's easy to find the prescription.

Speaker 1  1:40  
What about when you were signing to the chef and you were finding delivery patients?

Speaker 2  1:44  
Yeah, that's that's an easy part as well. It says delivery out loud, talks to you, yeah? It stuck. Really easy, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:53  
And I showed you a feature how to order stock for the counter,

Unknown Speaker  1:56  
yeah. I can just take the pot, go around

Speaker 2  2:00  
the scan the barcode of the product. Yeah, order how many quantities? It's really easy, liking it, yeah, definitely using it. I don't have to take a pen and paper, as Titan says, It's paperless.

Unknown Speaker  2:14  
Yeah. Do you remember? Analyst, no,

Unknown Speaker  2:18  
I forget. Analyst, thank you. Thank you.

Speaker 1  2:22  
Hello. So we're at night street pharmacy today. Yeah, we got James today, and we got the lovely Roanoke with the hoodie. Rona. Show us the hoodie.

Unknown Speaker  2:37  
You're blocking the view Yusuf.

Unknown Speaker  2:41  
And there you go. There's yourselves.

Unknown Speaker  2:44  
We'll get you, yeah, we need to get you one.

Unknown Speaker  2:47  
Actually, won't just go to Rona. Can just take you off you?

Unknown Speaker  2:51  
Can you make that as a uniform for anger?

Speaker 1  2:53  
Of course, we can do that. Call me Ronak uniform. Yeah. Why not? Well, you haven't got anything that says Night street pharmacy on any of your clothing.

Speaker 1  3:10  
And BME, oh, there you go. All the branches. Yeah, partnership, you get a discount. Okay?

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
