Speaker 1  0:00  
Hi, I'm Tarek. I'm at the pharmacy show, and this is what I said at my talk. Some of you in the audience can remember, if you go back, we had the phase of pharmaceutical companies coming over, we had retail we had vapes. One year, I think the whole show was inundated with vapes. So that was an interesting period. And if you walk around now, I think you'll see that what we've got is a lot of technology coming out. So a lot of stands with robots, automation, technology, and I think that kind of reflects the kind of mood of where we are. For those of you who remember pharmacy and old enough to go back as long as I have, I think you'll remember that pharmacy has changed incredibly so there was a time where actually opening a pharmacy business was actually quite simple. Was quite straightforward. All you had to do was open a pharmacy near a doctor's surgery and get an NHS contract and Bob's your uncle, prescriptions would start flowing in, and you just had to dispense the most people wouldn't even know what the name on the door was, but you'd get the business coming in. And that was the business model of pharmacy. And over those years, and we sold a bit of retail. And, you know, it was good days. It was good times, you know, pharmacy. It was the heyday of pharmacy. It was easy. But what that did that period was it made us complacent as an industry. It made us it was too easy just to start business or run business. There was good, healthy margins and pharmacy as a profession, we became complacent. We became dependent on the NHS, and the whole theme of what we did was based on that. We relaxed. But what happened is we didn't really focus on our image and our future. We just made hay while the sun shined, but it created an image of us as a profession. And that image wasn't just to the public that you know, it's shopkeepers. It's, you know, retailers. The image also fed into the psyche of MPs, the politicians and the powers that be. And that image led to, then the established behaviors of the people in power and what they did to pharmacy thereafter. So over the years, what we saw then was the whole image of pharmacy, as I said, led to established behaviors in power. So things like people like MPs, civil servants, the government, the bodies that we negotiate with, they effectively started working, in a way, to erode the dispensing model that we have. So we started seeing cuts come back in 2005 I'm old enough to remember that when I had my pharmacies, we had category N Come in. We had an erosion of the dispensing fee and the income we had, whilst we have this dangling carrots of services and other things that we can get. But it was always a bridge too far that we would have to climb. But the meanwhile, the reality was that the the actual, real money, the erosion, was the erosion of the dispensing fees. So that's gone on and on for many years. As I said, it was a big contract change in 2005 but now 20 years of that kind of ongoing behavior has kind of led to where we are in the present and today, where we find ourselves is that for most of us who are running a pharmacy business, dispensing is not viable on its own. It's been squeezed so much that we cannot do dispensing. We cannot run a business just on the dispensing model. But then also, what we have is that the rhetoric of the Department of Health does not match the reality of the implementation of the services they promise. So what we have is, when you go to a talk with MPs on many times you'll get an MP standing up on stage and going, how much they value pharmacy, how much they love pharmacy, how much the future of pharmacy is important to to healthcare system. But then the implementation of the services that are dangled then are very hard to reach, and if we are successful in them, if we do get anywhere with them, then there's usually cutbacks, and there's usually something that happens that takes it away. And we've seen this time and time again. We've seen this with, you know, NMS. We saw with mu r, as we've seen it with NMS. So NMS, you know, there's a dangle there, there's a carrot. We start doing NMSS, and then what happens is, you know, when we do too many NMSS, well, there's an investigation, because you'll probably do. Something wrong if you outsource the NMS is, oh, well, that's no good. You must be we have to stop outsourcing. So what we now have is outsourcing of NMSS is now a no go that took effect, or is taking effect anytime. Now we had it with pharmacy first. You know, pharmacy first came out, it was a dangle. 600 million pounds is going to go into pharmacy services, and then when we start doing them, there's always these strings and smoke and mirrors in terms of how you can get them. So what we have is this perpetual thing. There's this nice words and rhetoric that we get from the powers that be, but the implementation is, is, is not then it does not match that rhetoric, that the delivery of it, and we see in technology as well. So I'm the CEO of Titan. We've got technology. We're here to help our pharmacies, but then even the implementation. We've been trying to wait for pharmacy first now for two years, and we can't actually get through the accreditation process because the implementation does not match the rhetoric over there. So this is the reality. But on the plus point, if we look at where we are as a present, there are also optimism. There's also hope that we have. We have the opportunity now that you know which we could, I could only dream of when I first qualified as a pharmacist. You know, we now have pharmacists who are coming out as IPS half. I mean, don't know what percentage it is, but the number of IP pharmacists now is like unlike ever before. So we now have opportunities where prescribers, yes, we have dispensing, and it might be hard, but we still own dispensing. So it is there. There is hope there. There is an optimism there, despite the difficulties and the challenges that pharmacists have faced over the last 1520, years. But in order to take that hope and to and to deliver on it, we do need to be careful in how we learn from the lessons of the past. I We did a survey of around 95 of our Titan customers, Titan users, and asked them so everything I'm saying to you, by the way, these are my own views, but they're not just my views. They are representations of what people often feel, but maybe not say and and we did a survey of our of our Titan customs to ask them, look, what do you think about the future? So at the moment, for example, we have the 10 year plan that's being thrown around and saying, Well, this is the future, and it talks about pharmacy, how great pharmacy is, and our farms. And again, it's another carrot on top of the five year forward that we have, and we also the the vision of the future plan. I can't remember the name of it, but there was a five year forward and the NHS long term future plan that we had, and now we have the 10 year plan. So and get us to find our customers. How confident are you about the 10 year plan and how it affect you. And you can see on that first graph that the majority, or people, are very skeptical about it. There is doubt, there is a sense of trepidation about that future. You know, there's not that. That willingness is trust, whether that's actually going to deliver confidence to pharmacy. Meanwhile, we asked people, How significantly Do you feel that you're going to grow your NHS services? And there is people who are 59% of people said they want to grow so there is willingness from pharmacists to engage, but there's obviously that reputation and that a trust on whether the NHS will actually deliver. But the key thing when asked, How much do you want to grow your private services? That was really off the scale, there is a real desire for pharmacists now to grow their private services, because I think there's a final there's a belief that actually we have to take control back into our own hands. When we ask pharmacists, what are your barriers in growing your NHS services,

Speaker 1  9:09  
what we found is that again, on the left hand side, that the barrier to growing your NHS services is funding and is GPS, because inevitably, any services are created by the NHS are always linked into the primary care system, so we need GPS to refer their patients to us to make our service successful. So that's a barrier to us being successful. So it's always very difficult, and those are the barriers to growing NHS services, whereas the barriers to growing private services is actually just us. We are our own barriers to growing our services just basically getting things like marketing support, technology, and those are the barriers. If we do those things right, we can actually grow our private services. So what we're seeing amongst our community is a. Real desire, a real urge, a real sense of passion to grow services. But the difference is, it's private services, not NHS services, that's where the focus has shifted, and I think we've got to we've got to acknowledge that and learn from that. So I think we have an opportunity. The summary of this is we have an opportunity in pharmacy, unlike ever before. As I said, we are prescribers now. We have an opportunity to have to go forward and really engage with patients. There is a demand it the healthcare system unlike ever before, and we also know that GPs are unable to deliver on all of the demand that's out there that the UK health population requires. So there is an opportunity for pharmacists to step into that space and actually lead the way, but we've got to learn from the past and not repeat the lessons. And in order to go forward, we got a certain from our history, which is why I bring up our history, because that is so important in order to navigate to our future. So when we're going into our future, my my advice and the things that I'm telling our customers and our partners and the people who work with us is that in order to navigate to that future, we've got to approach it with a caution. We've got to approach it with care and and do a certain number of things, and I'll just go through those. So if I was advising a pharmacist with a pharmacy business now, knowing what I know about the past and all the lessons and the behaviors of the NHS and the government and the negotiations and everything I've talked about, here's what I would be saying. Firstly, the dispensary. We want to be an industry. We want to be a profession where we own the dispensing process we are in 100% control, but we have 0% involvement. In other words, we don't want to lose dispensing. We own dispensing. We've earned it. We've that right to own the dispensing model, but the audible itself of NHS dispensing have death no room for us to actually make you know, have the pharmacist fully involved in it. So we need to have a model where we we use technology to streamline the process, to make it safe, to make it efficient, to give the best service to patients, but we as pharmacists are not physically involved in every step, like we were or like we were able to do in the past. So that's number one. Number two, the advantage that we have. We may mourn the fact that we're not making as much money out of NHS dispensing, but actually, look at the positive. All those patients who come into our pharmacies, our audience, they are our future, potentially private patients. We have such a wealth of data, such a wealth of information about our patients, and they are our patients. They don't belong to someone else. They belong to us as pharmacists. So use those NHS patients to offer them the opportunity, obviously subject to consent, and all of those data protection things that we have to do, but they are an audience that is an active audience that we can go back to and actually deliver them something of value in the future. Number three, we've got to look at our image. I labored the point about our past for a reason, because I believe that the image we created as a profession in the past has led to the present that we have today. So we've got to be careful about setting the right foundation for our image for the future. We've got to make sure we don't look like shopkeepers when we start doing services. You know, that whole thing, I've got a big beam on it about Chupa, chups on canters, I've got to be in my pony about all of the retail activity. And the way, if that's how we look, that's how people would judge us. So if we go into services, you know, we have to think about our impression. What impression are we creating? You won't see that retail in GP surgeries. You don't see that retail in lawyers offices or accountants offices, and we see them as professionals, because the public sees them as professionals, but they see us as shopkeepers. Why? Because we look like that. So if you are coming to a shop refit, think about your brand, and I've been really pleased to see so many of our Titan customers now, when they're rebranding their shops, they're putting five six consulting rooms. They're kicking out the retail not completely, but it's related. It's not just selling stuff for the sake of selling stuff. So we need to think about our image. Number three. Number four, we need to create a new offering. We're not here to. Through exactly what GPS do. We don't want to replace exactly like for like, but I think we have an opportunity to create and do offering for patients something different and and the way we bundle those services up. And potentially, there is a place for patients to go to their GP, and there's a place for patients to come to pharmacists, and we're not competing with each other, but we're complimenting each each other at giving patient choice. Number five, we need to build trust. We're starting from a back position because all the reasons I've said so, we have to earn our position as as as professionals prescribing and providing private services. So we had to build trust. So you'll see Stans here talking about compliance and regulatory and now doing services we actually have to offer make sure that we're meeting the compliancy. Now, sometimes we treat compliancy and regulatory things as tick boxes. Yes, because the inspector is about to come. So we better make sure everyone's read their recipe. We're men, but actually, we can't look at our regulatory obligations as tick boxes. We have to actually do the quality. We have to deliver trust we here for the long term. So actually, all of these regulatory things, the quality things and training your staff, is not a tick box. It is actually embedding the foundation that we can build upon and future generations can build upon. And number six, we have got to be efficient if we do the services the same way that doctors do services. All we're going to end up doing is, instead of an eight o'clock rush in the GP surgery, we're going to have an eight o'clock rush in the pharmacy. We So, yes, we have an opportunity to do services, but we've got to do a difference the type of services, and we've also got to do them super efficiently. We've got to nail it. We've got to actually deliver services with slick operation, a slick experience with efficiency, and that's where technology comes in.

Unknown Speaker  17:13  
So technology is not

Speaker 1  17:18  
just something where you record your services, or you do your consultations. Technology is an enabler. Technology is the vehicle that will help us get to the destination. The destination is a future where pharmacy can thrive independently as credible professionals, offering private services, offering affordable care to patients. That is a future that we want to get to, but in order to get to that, we need a vehicle to get us to that place. And technology is that vehicle. It is not the end. It is a means to the end. So what we're here to offer, it is from my company. My job is to make sure that I provide the best vehicle to pharmacies to help us get to a shared destination. Our goal is to help pharmacy as a profession get to that point. So we want to create efficiencies, create an experience, create enable affordable services to patients, enable sustainable services to patients, and be in control. And that's where the technology is that we have to offer.

Unknown Speaker  18:31  
So just a brief word about our technology.

Speaker 1  18:37  
So this year, we've launched titanverse. You can go and see it on our stand. It's quite busy yesterday. My throat is a bit sore, but certainly it's attracted a lot of attention. And the reason it's attracting a lot of attention because the enabling, you know, because the way we have put this together is for a purpose in mind. So that purpose is all of the things I've been talking about so far, about that's the destination we're trying to get to. So to in order to get there, you build the right tool, the right vehicle to get to that boys. So titanverse, firstly, is a solution for all services. It is something which is only available to pharmacists. So whereas many clinical platforms are sometimes sold to physiotherapists and chiropodists and other healthcare professionals, Titan versus only for pharmacy number one, number two, it is the complete solution, because we want to enable technology to allow patients who have the whole journey, they will arrive on their on the website. They might arrive through your door, but from the moment that they arrive, however they enter your funnel, we want to then manage that experience of that patient all the way to their end service, to their end prescription that you might issue them. Yeah, or the consultation. So just a few things about it. So firstly, the consultations, the way that we're you again, going back to the point we have to deliver different types of services, are more efficient to to than GPS and than other than the way it's been provided so far. So our consultations, we are using AI in a way that it's not been used in pharmacy before. So our consultations, and you can get the demos of this, we're using AI scribe, so you may have heard of Heidi and other similar kind of products, which is using AVT and boom points technology. So our consultations are using AVT, but embedded our own proprietary AI that's actually recording the consultation, or listening to the consultation and filling in the actual boxes. The template can be used creating AI. So if you want to launch a weight management service, you can literally ask the AI to create you an awake management service or a travel service, and it will actually output the template for you, and say, these are all the questions you need to ask, and the source of the AI is actually trained on pharmaceutical information. So not like chat GPT, not like third parties, where we don't know where that data has come from, we're actually using our own the pharmaceutical sources, the BNF and the nafnak, and those sources which are used by pharmacists to train our AI. We have aI summarization. So at the end of the consultation, you can summarize the points. We can send emails to the doctor write out letters, etc. And we also have integration with demdx that we can also get the ckfs equivalent flags for the red flags if you're doing minor ailments and so on. So what we have is a consultation system that is efficient, that allows a pharmacist to engage 100% with the patient whilst AI is actually doing the listening, so you're not spending your time typing things out and forgetting to ask the patient the right questions. That's how we ensure that we get a new experience. Give a new experience to patients. The other parts of our solution is prescribing, because at the end of the consultation, we will, we may prescribe something. So the prescribing comes out of the consultation, and at the end, the prescription is generated, and it goes straight back in to Titan as an electronic prescription, so no double entry, and we get that efficiency on that end, Tyson versus a CRM system somewhere where, remember we talked about our NHS patients. We can bring all those patients, see them on one big map. We can target our patients and use our data. Say, Well, show me all the patients who are over a certain age, not on the drug, on other drugs, look at all of them and campaign and say, Hey, we're offering you a new service. So we're using our information to draw patients in and offer them services. We've got compliance. I talked about quality and compliance really important, not a tick box, but we've got to make sure our staff are up at the level, at their A game in terms of being able to deliver quality to patients. So we have a platform which allows SOPs and training and everything to be completed, and you, as a superintendent, to make sure that all your staff have completed everything and actually done it, not just tick to box. In fact, you can actually upload. And you can go and demo this today, you can upload an SOP. Use the AI to convert your SOP into a set of multiple choice questions which your staff can answer, and all you've done is pressed upload. So this is how we use technology to to really rethink the way that we do things, so it's not just repetitive and the same old, same old. And most importantly is the workflow Titan has always been about workflow. How do we get things happening in a production line? Because we've got to think like that. So here we built the service builder, where you can create your service. You set it out, you create your bookings, and you put it straight into your website or your patient app. You connect everything. When the patient then clicks the the booking, it goes straight into your booking management, where they can choose what day of the week that they want the service. You then take the payments. So the patient, you whatever payment you wanted from them, you take that, and then they drop straight into the consultation. So all you've done is create a service, send out your campaign, and that's it. Sit back and let the pain, let the consultations come in. That's how we're going to start really make. Making services efficient, and by making it efficient, we can offer the services at affordable prices, not high prices, and equally, not trying to undercut everyone. But we want to be able to offer affordable health care, and we use efficiency and technology in that way, so a workflow with bookings, payments, integrations and connections into websites, and the whole workflow is all there. I'm going to end there. And just got a few minutes for questions. But the purpose of this talk was really to set the scene, to talk a little bit about our past, learn from our past, set the destination for us as a profession going into the future, and to make sure that we learn from our past and not repeat those mistakes, but take the opportunity of what we have now to create a future, you know, which is something we can all be proud of, and future generations can be proud of, and thank us for in terms of where We get to as a profession and make it viable, profitable, sustainable, and, most importantly, independent, so we are not dependent on the NHS. So that's a that's a model that I'd like to see, and ultimately, I believe if I was to have a strap line for pharmacy, that would be be more dentist so thank you. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
