Unknown Speaker  0:00  
So far, it's been good.

Speaker 1  0:03  
We are like you say. We're on our third site, really encouraged by the progress that we've made with the other two. This is about week three for kyton. We've done quite a lot of prepping. We had Titan running alongside their previous PMR so that the staff could spend some time watching the onboarding videos. They all had a go at dispensing some prescriptions using the packaging feature with the clean items, so they all had a little bit of an exposure before we decided to switch over nominations, we switched over nominations about two weeks ago, and everything's nice and stable at the moment, which is really good, but the team still need to get a lot more experience, a lot more confidence. And I think having NAS in today has been really good because I've got two experienced Titan users who benefited from training to really kind of stretch their knowledge and bring them up to date, and then the other members of staff, it's been great just to have now, just to help them kind of build their confidence. So so yeah, I'm really pleased so far, the prep is really important because it means that you get better value for money out of your training day, and you don't want to have your trainer come in and hold hands on the basic functions. And learning to use Titan at a basic level is like learning to use a Sainsbury's self checkout, and it's really intuitive. And so use the onboard, use the onboarding videos. Get an experienced staff in, just to do the simple stuff. And what, what you're really looking for from your trainer is to take people from knowing Titan 70% to taking them to 95% that's where the trainer comes in. First two branches that are now established have really, kind of settled in really well. We had the Easter period where we've probably lost about 50 hours of staff per week, and we had three bank holidays in quick succession, and we're doing a 10,000 item pharmacy, and we didn't, didn't hit rope, and it literally went as smooth as ever has been so and we put that, and the staff put that down to Titan. And introduction of batch bow has made a huge difference. Just being able to get all the 123, item scripts and get them done with just a couple of trips around the dispensary. You can, you can dispense a couple of 100 items with one member of staff in the morning,

Unknown Speaker  2:51  
and it's really, really productive. Yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
