This is Asifs-full-interview transcript which needs to go in case-studies 

Speaker 1  0:00  
Just I, as soon as I become a pharmacist, I have to, there's no time to do anything. I'm Asif, and this is safe he's chemist. I'm a pharmacist here. And the owner, safey himself, has been here since 45 years. He's been serving the community in this area. People know him by name. People will come here because safe he's here. And we, more recently, have had a few changes since pharmacy has taken on more services, and we had a bit of a refit prior to getting Titan, and now we're fully on the go with services. I've been doing travel for about 12 years now, quite a while, but it was different. It was hectic before you were trying to squeeze in services amongst all the check in at the back and all the rest of it. So it wasn't easy then, certainly now, I mean, I'm here talking to you, so a lot more free time. So how long ago did you take on Titan? Did you take on time? We've had Titan now two years. No, sorry, I tell a lie, a year. It's been a year. It feels like it's been forever, though, but it's been a year. Seifie himself, ripe old, age of 80. Is still the superintendent still going strong, coming in every day, coming in on a Sunday as well. So, yeah, I pretty much run the place, but officially, is the superintendent. We're not related now. We're not related in any way. For the figure, let's say, good man. So we have, we have 10 full time equivalents, so we've got a lot of part time stuff. More recently, we've switched to part time staff over full time staff because of the National Insurance and all that kind of stuff, all in all, including the driver, I'd say, 11 full time equivalents,

Unknown Speaker  1:56  
including two so we have two pharmacists,

Speaker 1  2:00  
one who, okay, hold on. Let's start this again. Let me, let me think about this. So we've got four part time, one on the counters, 2322, full time, four part time. What does that make it two full time? Yeah, they all the time. In fact, hold on, give me one second. Okay, so we

Unknown Speaker  2:23  
got 12345,

Speaker 1  2:29  
part time and two full time and a Saturday stuff. Yeah. So we have five part time stuff, two full time stuff, and a Saturday stuff, which she comes in half the day on the Saturday, and we currently hit between 14 and a half to 15,000 items a month. That's that's close busy pharmacy. It's a very busy pharmacy, although it doesn't seem it sometimes, when I started here about 13 years ago, we were on about 8000

Unknown Speaker  2:58  
we've now gone massively

Speaker 1  3:02  
ahead of the 14 mark. Now, easily, initially around 8000 over the years, crept up touching 14 and a half 1000 items at the moment, it's always been one of the busiest pharmacies on Melton road, I think, short of one of the pharmacy we probably do the most items on this road, probably one of the smallest pharmacies, but the busiest proscript when we had that and now having Titan night and day. Difference between before it was non stop, baskets piling up, I'd perhaps do a travel job in here. I'd then run to the back in between my jobs, start checking, bagging, getting them on the shelf, and then running back in here for my next appointment and back and forth. Constantly. We had an AC t then, which we don't have anymore, and they would check half the items, and I would check the other half. But like I said, non stop, back and forth, back and forth, it wasn't easy, because for me specifically, I was worried more than anything, because I was rushing. I was rushing to check, I was rushing to bag. I was worried that, you know, I'm going to make a mistake, and inevitably, at some point, mistakes did happen, whether it was myself or whether it was the members of staff. Things got bagged incorrectly. Often things got missed during checking. Because when you're doing 15,000 items, and especially in this area, you have patients who have high expectations, so much competition in the area, everyone wants their medicines on the next day. It's, you know, they won't pay an Amazon Prime subscription, but they want it on the next day. And unfortunately, if you don't pander to their demands, well, they'll go down the road to another pharmacy that will so it was hectic, messy, and, you know, like I said. Baskets all over the place. I couldn't see across the room because there was baskets. Yeah, night and day difference. Honestly, I I can sit here, do my jobs, spend time with my patients, and you know, a lot of our reviews will show that on Google as well. A lot of people appreciate that I'm spending time with them. I'm explaining everything properly. I'm not just trying to get them in and out as quickly as possible and get back to what I need to be doing down there. I have the peace of mind now to know that my staff can handle the dispensary. In fact, I rarely go in the dispensary anymore, just for a coffee every now and then, but that's it, the odd control drug check. But other than that, the staff are well trained. They know what they're doing with Titan, and it's not, it's not rocket science. So I've just had four new stuff start. They've been here a week. They've taken it like a duck to water, you know, honestly, they picked it up very quickly, very user friendly. So it has made my life so much better. I'm not, I'm not my hair, yeah, if I had hair before, I'd pull it out, you know? So now, now where I can start growing my hair again. I think, honestly, I'm not even just saying it. No, I'm not even just saying it because there's a camera, honest to God enough, and I've recommended Titan to enough other people for it to be genuine enough for me to say that, look, this is making a difference. It's changed our pharmacy. One of my friends in Nottingham just taken it on. He's delighted with it. I know a couple of pharmacies on the road have taken it on since we had it, and from the feedback I gather, everyone is over the moon with the fact that they can now focus on what's actually bringing in money, which is the services. So clinical checking. I use Titan AI, which is fantastic. It was Titan X when we first got it. Recently, they've had their fourth version release. So at the minute, that's not on full automation, but I am using it. So at the minute, it doesn't clinically check everything. For me, I still have to put that second check in. However, when we had Titan X, it would check around 30 to 40% of my clinical checks. I'm waiting for this to go live, because, by the looks of it, and from what I can see, because I'm literally clicking a button and everything's correct. I'm not seeing many errors. Of course, there's the odd one that creeps through, but it's in beta at the minute, and they're looking to improve everything so but from what I can see, the new Titan AI is going to be checking 80 to 90% of your prescriptions, because there's billion errors old Titan X. The way that would work is, you did your checks. It was live to go, and you put your full automation on. It will clinically check as many as it could, anything that it thought, well, this is a bit dubious. I'm going to let the pharmacist have another look at that. It would send it across to me. However, the new one, which is better language model, from what I understand, seems to be checking them way more accurately, although their full automation is not live yet. So I'm waiting. I'm just waiting for it to go live, because the moment it goes live, I'll be using that. I've been using it for about six months now. It's been a long time I've been waiting for it, so I'll keep using it so we can get data. So I've been using it, and for the most part, other than the odd one or two areas that it has, that we have found it has been pretty much accurate. So once they've ironed those out, I reckon 80 to 90% will get checked clinically on on the new one Titan AI learns from. Firstly, I mean, you have several options. So you can either have it so it just learns from your pharmacy, only you can have it so it learns from a specific medication for a specific patient only, you can have it so that it learns from it tries both of them first and then goes to every other pharmacist around. Or you can have it that it just uses everyone's data and gives you the best option, which, in theory, should be the best, because you're getting way more. I mean, you're never going to check as many as everyone combined. So the level of accuracy is way more with the new one. I you know, it's honestly, I think when it goes live, I reckon it'll check 80 to 90% my friend in Nottingham. They've got three pharmacists. Okay, two of them are perfectly fine. I mean, the way I see it is, AI knows way more than I do. I There's no way I can possibly know. I'd be very arrogant to think that my degree means something in comparison to what AI knows. I you know, of course, sometimes AI gets delusion. You have to, you have to second check, a lot of things, but for the most part, I think it's pretty much more accurate than I could ever be. I mean, I'd sell my soul to me. I'd be, I'd be, I'd be the guy with the stake in the matrix. I'd be that guy I'm happy with my stake. You carry on even, even this for the staff, it was I.

Speaker 1  10:00  
Proscript, there was a big learning curve they'd have to come in. I mean, they would get used to it, but there was a lot of things that have to do when it comes to check in. And anyone can press a button, but making sure things are correct and accurate, and things like that often got missed by stuff. Because end of the day you employ someone, then for them, it's, this is just a job. I'm going to come in, I'm going to do my job. I don't care if, if the patient really gets well, they should do otherwise there shouldn't be in a job. But, you know, they're not as bothered as, say, someone that's a registered professional that might get struck off at the end of it, or that patient harm is, you know, ultimately their responsibility. With Titan, all those fears are gone. I literally have no fears as to what my staff are doing, because I know that everything is being scanned. I know that if it's the wrong product, they simply won't get a bag label. I know that if it's if they've missed a product, they won't they won't get the bag, able to seal the bag. So we've had many calls from people where they think they haven't received something, and I can pull up Titan. I said, No, it was dispensed by this person. This was the batch number. This was the expiry. Have a look. It should be a blue box, and it should be in your bag. And surely enough, every single time they've called back and says, I found it, whereas before there was no it was a case of, well, if it'd be my word against this, right? They'd be saying, well, it's not here. And I'd be like, Well, I love to send you another one then, you know? And there was a lot of that patients make mistakes, you know, but the tendency is that they want to blame someone, and you're the first point of contact that they're going to blame, where you can back yourself up. It's fantastic. Answers impossible. That's my that's my answer impossible. As soon as they say impossible, and I'm here to put it into perspective, we would have between five to six near misses a month easily on proscript. I've had two since we've had Titan, and, you know, that's in a year, and they have been errors that human errors. Again, not not Titan making an error. It's someone deciding on working on two patients at the same time and then dropping one thing in someone else's bag, which they shouldn't be. They shouldn't be working on two things in the first place, and that got recorded as an image. But as far as the Titan aspect of it, there wasn't a mistake. It scanned the right products. It gave the right bag label for the right patient. It's just the stuff left a bag open and put the wrong one in afterwards. So I you know these things are going to happen, but they used to happen with proscript And if not, proscript, and if not more often, proscript, I'm worried that the inspector is going to come in and he's going to look at my near misses, and he goes, Well, you can't be you. It can't be that you've only made two mistakes in a year, you know? Because he had a problem with us making five, five, pretty low as far as near misses go. And he was like, Well, no, that can't be, right? You can't have, I'd only had five near misses in a month. Well, this time he's got, he's got a different, different, whole different ballpark here, two in a year. So, I mean, touch wood. No more happens. But that's, yeah, that's and sometimes when you get a new system, there's always a learning curve. People have to, have to be told off once for them to realize that, okay? I shouldn't be doing two out of time. Yeah, so we use batch flow, which is great. You're not going to see at the minute, because it's then they're doing a single patient mode. But yeah, batch flow is great because batch flow means that they can work on 10 to 20 patients, you know, as much space as baskets permit. You know, as many patients as space permits at one time, which means they're picking once they go into the shelves once they're not running around. It's not chaotic like it used to be, where you had one person trying to grab something and another person underneath trying to grab something, and everyone's getting in each other's way. We're not the biggest pharmacy. It's a small corridor. When you see you see it, and it's not that big. And the last thing I want is people to be getting in each other's way, slowing each other down this way. One person prints their batch of 20 patients. They'll get 100 odd 150 items. Maybe they will then go and pick all the items, 20 am load of beans, 50 metformins, whatever is, whack it in their toe. And then they do those patients. They line up their baskets, and they'll simply scan boxes, and it will tell them, put it in basket one, basket five, basket six. There's a, you know, a lot of people think, Oh, well, what if they put it in the wrong basket? What if, you know some of the stuff I'm not looking and they put in the wrong places. Well, there's another step to that. So once you put everything, all the items, into the baskets, well, when it comes to bagging, you're now having to re scan each item to go into the bag. And at that point, if there's someone's put the wrong basket, it will flag it and say, this is the wrong item for this patient. Yeah, and no problem to correct at that stage. So even that is pretty much foolproof, never had any problems with it. They've recently introduced single patient mode, which is great for patient people who don't have the space to line up 20 baskets, which we've started using at the moment. So that allows them to then just do one basket at a time. It requires them to order their stock. We usually put it in alphabetical order, and then they will get the first patient got a basket out, and they would scan the products, and that product goes straight into the bag. They'd finish that patient move on to patient number two or patient number three, but it means you're not having to use too much space, especially smaller pharmacies like ourselves massively benefit from that as well. Even with single patient mode, you still pick all your items. So the good thing about single patient mode is I'm not limited to simply 10 patients. Now I can pick 30 to up to 50 patients at a time, and then 50 would just be a one batch. Of course, if they pick too many, then they ain't got spaced with all the stock. However, they'll, they'll have quite reasonable at least 30 at a time. Pick all the items they're still picking once. However, they don't need space for 1020, 30 baskets, which are sometimes is a limiting step. So they go once to a shelf, pick all the items, 2030, amlodipines, whatever it is, metformins. And this time, the only requirement is and only for them to find it easier when it comes to picking the items is they put it in alphabetical order in their top, and they'll take the first patient out, and they'll scan that, and they will see the prescription and what items are required, and there might be an Amlodipine. Then pick an Amlodipine. They'll scan it. Label goes on, it goes in the bag. You need a bendroflumethiazide. They pick it from their toe. So they effectively, they pick it from the toe. So it's not that they're running back and forth. They've got everything they need right in front of them, simply scanning and bagging it. When that patient's complete, it will say, patient complete, and print a bag label, then stick the bag label on and then put it for delivery or collection, depending on what is it's it's crazy. I The thing is, I've always been as far as technology goes, even in my house, everything's smart, everything, you know, whatever new technological advances there. I've always been there. I want one have it and Titan I'd seen a couple of years before we actually got it at the pharmacy shell. And the moment I saw it, and I thought, This is it. This is exactly what I need. This is exactly what is going to change pharmacy. And we were that close to getting getting it then, except we had a long contract with proscript at the time, and we decided against it. But it's, it was great, because it allowed us then to really think about how the workflow with Titan is. And we would you, we were well overdue a refit. I think, in since safety opened 45 years ago. He had not had a single refit. Everything was exactly as it was 45 years ago. So it was very dated. We did the refit, and this time I thought, well, if we're gonna get Titan and want to lay out the dispensary to optimize workflow for Titan, and that's what we did. And so not getting it straight away was, in a way, an advantage. But I would have loved to have got it even two years before, because it was, it was something that was so different. And lately, we've got, there's a whole bunch of companies coming up. So when I was when we actually signing up site, and I had proscript on my back, and proscript were like, Oh, well, we can, we can do AI checks as well, and pharmacy X. And I don't know if you're allowed to mention other companies names, but yeah, pharmacy X and recent, more recently, Apotek as well. A lot of these companies are coming in. And I think what sold Titan to me, finally, was the fact that every other company was comparing themselves to Titan. They would all come to me and say, well, oh, but does Titan do the Titan doesn't do that tighter. I'm like, Why you Titans obviously doing something right that you feel that you need to compare your system to Titan. And I said, Well, I'm not going to go for an Aldi knock off. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go for the original thing. You know, Titan have had it.

Speaker 1  19:18  
They've I'm sure these new companies might be great in a few years time, but there's a lot of teething. And I feel like Titan were doing, and it was evident when we took over, that Titan were constantly updating. We get an update every two weeks, and even now, we get updates every two weeks, and there'll be a new feature. And I'm like, fantastic. It's like my Tesla every every couple of weeks, we've got a new feature. It's brilliant. We've been put in a WhatsApp group for tech support, and lot of the people in that group are people who have had Titan from maybe day one, the owners, the people who work for the company. And it's, it's, it's nice. I mean, sometimes we'll be sitting up at late at night and people be messaging on that group. Bit frustrating, because I'm not getting paid for the. Time, but, but, but, you know, you you're always seeing things, and there's someone always got something, and someone else knows how to do it, and someone will, and you might not need it then, but when that time comes, you think, Well, I remember that because that fella had that problem, and this is what you do. And so you're constantly learning with Titan. And like you said, it's a fantastic community. Everyone wants to help each other. I, you know, I've never seen normally, there's a case of our that's my rival. I'm not going to give them information, or I'm not going to tell them. In fact, stop this. Don't tell anyone about Titan, because this is driving down my business. Let them. Let them check. Let them carry on doing the old fashioned way. No problem. More jobs for me. Yeah, stick to that. Stick to that. It's great for you. Thing like the smell of paper. I said the exact same thing to proscript when they came back to me and I'm says, well, whatever you're doing now is too late, and too late. We've had you for since I've been here, but prior to that as well. You know, forever we've had you and you never had a single update. You know, how, can it be that all of a sudden you've got a competition now you've got Titan coming in with a new way of working, and all of a sudden you want to have add ons to your system to try and make it similar to Titan. And to me, it wasn't enough. You either build with this idea, and I've seen a lot of tariq's talks and things like that. And he's got the right idea, you know, from what for what I gather from him, he's got a sense of where pharmacy needs to be, and he wants to deliver that. Yeah, so I'm not buying it from these other companies that are just sort of piggybacking on the off the back of Titan. It will. It will, inevitably. I mean, I, I envision this place to have no shelves, no no nothing there. We'll have robots in the back, fully automated, and Tesla bots to do that. Someone with good AI voice at the front, serving the customers. And I think it might be something that's not in the immediate future, but I think at some point we will see that, and not just with pharmacy, I think we'll see that everywhere. I mean, you go to Japan and you see restaurants and things like that where robots are serving people and they're way more accepting. It's a matter of time before everyone gets on to Titan or something similar. You know, I it's, it's inevitable. I think you're gonna get a whole generation of pharmacists that are younger now. They're not going to be stuck in their old ways. I mean, when we took on Titan, my fear was that safety himself might struggle. But he, honestly, he's fantastic. He gets on, he just gets on, and he loves it. He absolutely loves it. So this uptick, I think a lot of people have to be convinced initially, and once they take that step and they see it, and they, you know, I've had loads of people come into this pharmacy from up and down the country, and they've been coming in to see and everyone's impressed. So it's only a matter of time before everyone starts using some kind of system where the dispensary is left to do what it needs to do, while the focus is on self saying we're not getting funded anymore. We make losses on medicines. We're not there's a headache of dealing with a lot of patients for specific brands and specific and all this kind of stuff is it just takes a lot of time, time that could be spent doing services. I mean, I run a travel clinic and then run a weight loss clinic. I run earwax microsuction. We're looking at Botox and things like that coming in in the near future. So the more time that we can free up the mode. And even a lot of people think things like Titan means less dispensers or less stuff. And this is not about getting rid of stuff. This is about upskilling your stuff to then do the services that otherwise only a pharmacist would be doing. I know a lot of these services now, even text, and if you're training them. Well, you're getting good technicians. They can do a lot of these services. So there's, you know, it's not so much about cutting down stuff, but relocating stuff to different areas of the pharmacy. That stuff will get done by anyone. You can get anyone in the back, and they'll go to deck and get my kids in. They'll they'll be doing, in fact, my kid works here,

Unknown Speaker  24:21  
but we used to have an AC T.

Speaker 1  24:24  
This is pre Titan, and every time I'd go to the back and check prescriptions, I used to say to safety, this is a robot's job. What I'm doing right now is a robot's job. A robot can do this better than me, and it was, it was always the AC T. Never used to like that. It never used to like that. I say that this is a robot's job, because, obviously, it's not great for him, because it sort of undermines his only role, which is, which is checking. You know, so. But, I mean, I'm not, I'm not just saying it, it's, it is a robot's job. I mean, checking things are correct. That's, that's not what I mean, anyone can do that, but can. On it, and it can recognize if it's the same thing. So why am I wasting my time doing something that I can automate? I need to be doing things that are customer facing, that where customers need a human being to speak to. You know, like I said, services, and we get enough services, because now I can spend time with them. I can elaborate on things, I can answer the questions for them. There's a there's still a whole generation of people that still don't use AI. There's, you know, the whole bunch of elderly patients that no one's there to explain these things to them. They do need to come in and see and I know a lot of the surgeries have moved online and but if there's a whole market out there that people want to come in and they want to see a human being and discuss things. And so that is where I should be focusing. My time. They are willing to pay for that service, whereas NHS is trying to take away as much as they can from from pharmacy. So you know, that's, that's where you should be focusing. I come in in the morning. I get in for nine I'm I've checked everything by half nine, so I don't book any appointments. First thing in the morning I come in, I'll check my emails, I check all the clinical scripts that come in, and then I'll do it again. So midday, I just quickly go back on any new ones I've dropped. I'll check them, and they just crack on with it. And everything that goes into the pick column, they crack on with it. I've done my job been half an hour. Think there's something that I was spending the whole day doing at the back. It's nuts. It's absolutely nuts that that's the case, that I can come in here in half an hour I've checked everything and without worry. I mean, I could go then check like that. You know, it's, it's and it has happened. There's some, when I say locum, some pharmacies were so busy, you literally wouldn't I mean I had someone else begging for me, and even that there's, there's so much stress with that, because I'm checking something, I don't know if they stuck it in the right bank, and I'm liable for that. So every, at every point of the way, there was something that I would I was worried about, and now I have zero worries. Honestly, I it's, it's the best thing that's happened. I'm here to nine to six day for me specifically, I I understand that from the dispensers perspective. Sometimes they feel like, well, we got, we never used to bag, and now we got a bag and things like that. But they all prefer it. You know, initially, that was my worry, is that, oh well, it's going to slow them down now, because they're not just dispensing and picking items, they're now having to stick them in bags. They're now having to chase up their own Owings. If there's something needs ordering, they order their own stock. But they like it. They seem, they seem, yeah, empowered. They've got more responsibility now. So they have a patient that they you know, it's not just a number now they have a patient. This patient's medication hasn't come in. I need to chase that supplier. I need to call so they're doing a lot more, although they it would seem like that. You know, their job is less, but it's not that they've just taken on more responsibility, more work that meaningful work, as opposed to things that anyone can do. So this is exactly what happened my staff were, you know, I'd have staff that were very fast at dispensing. I've always, it's always been the case people, when you're doing 15,000 items, you have to have stuff that are fast, the AC T and then myself coming back and forth something weren't as fast checking. So there'll be times by four o'clock they'd be done with dispensing, and they'd be sitting there and they'd be waiting for them to check the delivery so they can enter the deliveries for the driver for the next day. Now that you know the pretty much their nine to 630 they're making most of every second there, if they're not, if there's nothing to pick, they've got some holdings to be getting on with, or they've got some other aspect of that patient's journey that they need to be focused on and make sure that the patient's got it. Yeah. So before I pretty much be checking all day. So my shift is from nine to 630 back and forth, I'd be checking pretty much all day. There'd be times where I'd stay behind the check because it was just not done. And now I literally spent half an hour in the morning, half an hour midday, and in between, every now and then a walk in comes in with a dentist script or something, and the staff will knock my door. I says, Can I just get a check? And I'll go on on a check. So, yeah, from from the full day, which is a nine hour day, all the way down to maybe an hour and a bit at most. And that's, I'm exaggerating, that's, you know, it's probably less than that. But sometimes you get more walk ins, 85% of my time, pretty much free. So we're in an area that there is a lot of competition. Our items have been going up generally, but I believe there have been enough patients that have come in for a service, and off the back of the service and the service that they received have decided that they want to come to this pharmacy. So. So on that front, absolutely people have signed up off the back of that. It's a tough area. This is as far as gaining and losing customers every day you might gain some every day you lose them. That being said, there's at least three or four the pharmacies are all using Titan at the minute. So like I said, stop telling people another great feature, and something that patients have really grown to like, is the fact that they will get text messages every time the medicine is ready. We whack it on the shelf. They get a message saying your medicine is ready. They come in with their barcode. We scan the barcode. Gone are the days where people would have to fill, you know, flick through all the prescriptions to find a patient's name, then find out it's on shelf. D go to that shelf and it's not on shelf, and then they're looking everywhere for that prescription. And it's to wind me up, because in pharmacy, apparently no one knows alphabet. People can't put things in alphabetical order. So I, you know, I It's my pet peeve when people don't do things in alphabetical order. But them days are gone. It's so easy now that you know, they'll literally pick up their handheld Edo device with the type of mobile on it. They will scan the patient's barcode, and it will tell them this patient is on 7s and they will go there, and it will be on there, because them shelves get audited, and if it's not there, they get picked up straight away. So there's never been a case so far in a year touch wood that a patient's prescription has not been found. They've always been where they're supposed to be. They will tell you, if there's a fridge item, go to the fridge. If there's a controlled drug that's in the CD cabinet, if they've got multiple packages, that was another problem. We had loads of a patient would walk in, they'd ask for their medicines. There'd be three bags on the shelf. Someone would pick one and give it to them. They'd walk off, get home and look, I've only got three medicines in this then they'd be calling us, complaining, oh, where's the rest of my medicines? Actually, they're on the shelf as well. Someone didn't check all the prescriptions to find other ones out or not in order. And now the mobile device literally will show you there's one on shelf one s1, on shelf 7s, one on 10 M or something, and an item in the fridge. They won't leave until all of them are scanned. They get scanned in to be handed out. They get handed out. They get claimed. It'll check the patient's exemption. So again, no issues with patients coming back and saying, Oh, well, I didn't say I had this exemption. I had that exemption. Well, they're signing for it now. So every everything is tracked and can be audited as well. So we can check back when someone says, you know, this hasn't happened, or that hasn't happened, we can just look back and say, well, actually was it was handed out this time. It was done on the Edo device, and therefore it was the counter stuff that handed it out, and it's but they're loving it. The patients are loving that. They think that is made that waiting time somebody. I mean, we always, we've had the 24 hour collection point, which did a similar thing, because we'd load up, and they wouldn't even have to come into the pharmacy. But those people who prefer to have that chit chat and come in and maybe buy something off the shelf for them, certainly made life lot easier. It was chaos, like I said, We'd people would come in, there'd be a queue, and you'd have a you'd have they would be flicking through everything in there, you know, I mean, just the P section, for example. Patel is a everyone's a Patel in this area. So there'd be a million scripts to go through, and they have very similar sounding names. So often they pick the wrong one, they go and get give the wrong patient the wrong thing, and then not really listen when they're confirming addresses and things like that. So it was not great for the patient, because they were waiting a long time to find something, and then they couldn't find it on the shelf. The whole team would stop doing what they're doing, and everyone would start going through the shelves to try and find this one patient's medication while that patient's waiting and the queue behind him is helping Puffin, you know? So now that doesn't happen. I mean, you've been here for, what, a couple of hours, so there's no one in the shop. Everyone who comes in gets their medicine to leave. And so it's, it's a big difference, yeah,

Speaker 1  34:27  
that's another thing. So I forgot to mention there's no printing anymore. Another thing that is fantastic is we simply don't print tokens short of a controlled drug script, which, again, is not absolutely necessary. However, I like to have that extra bit of reassurance that they're doing the good practices as well. They'll print off a control drug script for the patient to sign, and would collect it, mainly for the inspector. But other than that, this, you know, we've got a log anyway. And. Um, but we don't print anything. There'll be no need to print a prescription, no need to waste toner inks. You know, we'd order three or four toners a month. And because we do 15, we'd literally print off a pile of prescriptions about that big in the morning. Someone would then sit there going through all the repeats, tearing them, sticking the, you know, one copy of the Repeat to the bag, to the rest of the prescription, and then fight, you know, getting through all of them, and then sitting there and labeling. And that process in itself took an hour in the morning. I'm checking quicker than that right now, you know. So all and all that paper would then have to go into a confidential waste bin. Up. Our confidential waste bins don't get full up as quick as well. So you know, there's less paper, less toner, less ink, and no paper.

Speaker 1  36:01  
You had, yeah, you had, you had, so you had two options, either it would print automatically, which I didn't like at all, and I stopped it from doing that. So I would do it so that it would print when we said print, but when you said print, it would print everything that's come down on Titan, on proscript, and it would you just get a pilot. And then if there was one patient that had walked in and someone did that one, it might have printed a whole bunch there. And then you'd go through them, and you'd get that you did have the option, if your staff knew what you're doing, just to print one token. But more often than not, people would trigger happy, and they press the wrong button, and everything would just come down. Paperless. Is the way.

Speaker 1  36:54  
So with repeat flow, I started using it straight away. There's some gray area with who can be ordered for and who can't be ordered for. Unfortunately, in this area, a lot of the surgeries never stop taking third party orders, and they constantly told patients that you need to tell your chemist to order, which put us in a predicament, because on one hand we were told not to order. Another hand we're told to order. And eventually we had to cave in, because the surgeries are Gods around here, so you have to listen to what they want. And eventually we had to start ordering for patients where repeat flow came massively in use, because it allowed us to also, before Titan, we would have a spreadsheet that I created, which was, in some ways, some kind of automation in itself, but it was, you know, a case of going through that list, filtering through dates, printing every single person's token, one, but they'd search the name, print their token, print the repeat slips. A lot of chemists would just keep the repeat slips and file them somewhere, which is space is taking up space folders full of repeats and things like that. So we'd print every time, but it would take one stuff, pretty much the best part of a day just to order repeats. Now, I have one stuff. He does it on the side. He does, you know, it goes on repeat flow. He sees that all these are due bulk. You know, some surgeries will accept emails, which is fantastic, because they then get an email, and they get chased up automatically after four days. And you can add notes to that email. You can add, you know, whole variety, and you set up cycles. So every 28 days, these items get ordered. We know that the patient wants these items, they will get ordered every 28 days, if something's an odd cycle, you create a separate cycle for that one item that comes every 56 days, or 84 days, or whatever it is, and it will just keep ticking along and it keep working. Things get ordered and up until now, we haven't really had a problem with people's prescriptions coming in. Most you know, either the surgery accepts emails or they don't, in which case we have to print the tokens. But it automates that as well. So it'll tell you all these people need their tokens printing, or their repeat letters printing. And you bulk print everything in one go, print everything out, and then the staff just organize it into surgeries and send it off, you know. So it's, it's a lot more

Unknown Speaker  39:21  
efficient than what it was.

Speaker 1  39:31  
Two bigger surgeries do accept emails. It strikes me as odd that some of the surgeries can't accept emails. And, you know, I joked with one of the suggestions of a gym, which send smoke signals. Would you want? You know, are we going down? How can you not be set up for emails? Hey, fax machine. Oh, well, that's, that was the historic thing, right? Fax machines. But no, you know it, and I think so we have far Mappy now. Give them a little shout as well, good lads. Pharmapi has taken repeat flow and added to that, where the responsibilities now the patients, and a lot of patients here, as they come in, and they want us to order, and I tell them, Well, look, rather than us ordering, why not have it in your control? Or we have elderly patients that have youngsters in the family that are happy to take that responsibility. Well, you download the app, and you can have six to 10 dependents on there, so they, you know, once you once you show them how to set everything up and everything, and it's really not difficult. Most youngsters can do it. Some of my elderly patients start using it now, but that then takes away the need to even send an email to the surgery, because you've got the iron one integration, and that goes straight into the surgery's workflow. The receptionist doesn't have to use a brain just or his brain just sits there, carry on doing a job, and it gets done. My wife uses it. My wife orders in the morning, the prescriptions in the afternoon. There's the odd time where we send an email, and if it inevitably relies on someone at the surgery to check the emails, pick up that and then, you know, do the prescription, it takes away that step. And the surgeries are not that reliable in this area. So anything that can minimize what they, you know, just take away their thinking powers, and we're good, yeah.

Speaker 1  41:30  
Well, if you're in this area and you're thinking about getting Titan, don't get it stick to paper and the smell of paper, nothing quite like the smell of paper. Honestly, you know you're gonna miss it. Stick to what you got, really, yeah, if you're anywhere else, take the plunge. Honestly, the best thing ever.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
