Speaker 1  0:00  
So I just wanted to give a quick review about Titan PMR. I have to say that it's been amazing. So far, we've used it for about three, four weeks now, my staff all are raving about it. It's given me the freedom to be able to do a lot of things, and I'm really starting to look at going towards the services aspect, as everyone knows, that's the way to go forward with pharmacy. And we were on proscript before. It wasn't that hard to switch, to be honest. And, yeah, can't say enough good things about Titan, to be honest. I really, really will sort of recommend it to everyone, and you have to get on it to be honest. Honestly, it's

Speaker 2  0:42  
been a game changer for me. We've been using Titan in our pharmacy for about a year and a half. I'm able to spend most of my day sitting in here in the consultation room doing clinical services, or girls can just get on with things in the dispensary. I probably spend maybe 20 minutes a day at most in the dispensary, at most an hour a day doing clinical checks. Titan, AI helps me with that. So if I'm if I'm busy doing a service with a patient, prescriptions are still being checked in the background, just the way that Titan is designed, really easy to use, really intuitive, paperless. I know other companies have systems that I've used in the past. They're also trying to do a similar thing, but I really don't think they can do it in the same way. Been really impressed with the way they've asked for user feedback. They really tap into that and listen to users to continue develop the system. So I have no regrets, and it's been a massive game changer for me, like I said. So yeah, highly recommend it.

Speaker 3  1:38  
Hi, Stacey, hi, hello. So we're at the pharmacy today. I'm doing a site visit, and you'll be using titer for about four weeks. Yeah, yes, yep. How you getting on with Titan so

Speaker 4  1:51  
brilliant. Love it. Absolutely love it. What have you

Unknown Speaker  1:55  
learned new today for myself and I thought

Speaker 5  1:57  
you about using more filters and my prescription board, and also the extra features that the order pad can give us

Speaker 3  2:06  
perfect and what has the best features offer? Probably

Speaker 5  2:09  
be the order pad, because that's I do a lot of the ordering. So it's going to make my life a lot easier.

Speaker 3  2:14  
Would you go back to your old PMR system never Are you happy with the training purses today? Yes, Nazi's been amazing. Thank you for your time today. Thank you

Speaker 2  2:25  
so Ola. Welcome to Ringwood pharmacy today to do your site visit. You've been live retitled for a couple of months. How are you finding

Speaker 6  2:33  
it? Truthfully, couple of weeks more staffing issues in terms of, you know, new, completely new ways of thinking and working in pharmacy. But now I can definitely say we have, we've passed that stage, and everybody, I mean, I love it. Most of the staff are getting on board. Now. How

Speaker 2  2:56  
do you think is going to fund your business already?

Speaker 6  2:59  
I can see improvements already in terms of time for me as a pharmacist, I'm doing more travel clinics, more COVID vaccination, and I'm having the time to do them as well.

Unknown Speaker  3:12  
How was your implementation process?

Speaker 6  3:16  
The good thing about implement implementation process was the implementation team. You can call them anytime. I was skeptical at first. I thought, oh, we need someone here. We need someone here. But no, you can call them as many times as you, as you, as you want, and they're always at the end of the phone. If they don't, they call you back. I'm fine. Would

Speaker 2  3:37  
you recommend this to other pharmacies? Definitely. I noticed you're very techie. What's your favorite features of Titan? Oh,

Speaker 6  3:47  
let's see. I like the repeat flow. It's going to save his pharmacy, because most of the time we order stuff for people, and we don't know what's coming back until the customer complaints. So that's been so I noticed we went through some of the apps, Titan X, I know you haven't got it on anything about that. Oh, definitely I'm getting that now that I know what I'm doing, more or less on Titan. So that's the next stage for me. And we

Speaker 7  4:15  
just went through batch flow that's going to take back flow,

Speaker 6  4:21  
taking Titan X, and I can't wait for the Titan virus as well. One

Speaker 2  4:26  
final question, would you go back to the old PMRC, Oh, definitely not,

Unknown Speaker  4:32  
definitely not, although

Speaker 2  4:34  
I just want to say thank you for your hospitality today. It's been a pleasure meeting you and a good look with your business. Thank you. It's

Speaker 6  4:40  
been a pleasure working with Titan. I hope you know better things more and more better things to come. Thank

Speaker 3  4:46  
you. Thanks. Okay, hi, Nicola, hi. So we're here today having a look at how you get to know with Titan behind your Titan for about two months, I think, yeah, ish the end of who's. By the end of October, the other one stopped. Which PMR system were you using before pharmacy manager? How you getting Harry Titan with that change? It was actually, I was, I've used it for like, over 20, about 26 years. So I was pharmacy manager, yeah. So I was a bit reluctant. I'm actually, yeah, really pleased with it. I think it really aids the workflow. And yep, do you remember your first day on Titan? Yeah, other feelings, how you were feeling about it. We tried a bit out of our depth, but it was Yeah, and now constantly using it, because I work every day, apart from Tuesday, so constantly using it is it just becomes second nature now, exactly. So you see the from day one, they say week six, yeah, there's been a massive improvement hamshi had picked up with Titan, yes, and we went through a checklist today, yeah? Where you take a back, how many ticks you had? Yeah, we do win. All right, yeah, yeah, yeah. Scott, surprised, yeah, this is only the odd little thing you'll come across. But I mean, between us as well, I think we could. We've helped each other. That's it. And the beauty of Titan is there's always going to be new features, something new coming out, yeah? And whenever something new comes out, you always got the help and support files to go on. We also have a weekly webinars twice a week, yeah, QA sessions, something new that you know comes out you don't know about it. You attend the QA session. You come and ask us a question, and we will show you how to use the system. Okay? And that happens twice a week. You can attend as may turn as you want to see something right now, if you don't do MDs, not anymore, yet, anymore. In the future, you might, and in the future, might think, okay, I need that training now. Okay, I can't remember. Yep. You can go to your hub files, or you can attend the QA sessions. Yep, so never forget that. Yep, okay. Would you go back to your other old PMR system? No, no, no, no. How do you think the stuff is going on with the sister? Let's say between us, we're helping each other. Andy used it is as a pharmacy. So that was really helpful when we first started as well. He's been great because he's his O's are prepping? Yeah, it's he already used it. So that really helped us. I see so but no between us, I think, yeah, where can we? Because you had the benefit of having another PMR system using Titan alongside it, and it was supporting you. And when he felt that you guys were comfortable to move across, over to dominations or with Titan. That's the only time he said, I'm ready to turn the nominations on. That's when he went on to Titan. Yeah. Then he waited for you guys to get comfortable with everything. Then he said, now ready for someone to come on site to do the training? Yep, which is exactly how should be with every pharmacy. Yeah, it's all in your prepping. If you haven't done all the prepping, you haven't done your E learnings that we mentioned talk about today, your Harper support files, you're walking into completely nothing. You'd Yeah, you're waiting for me to show you the basic thing, how to get a dispensing label, how to get a picking label, yeah, yeah. No, that's a good point, because at first I thought, why didn't we have you from the beginning? Yes, in all honesty, yeah. Why didn't you come here from the beginning? How would have been? How do you imagine, but I'd have been, yeah. Can you imagine the first day? How long did it take me today to go to every because you were wondering, exactly, no, no, that's a good so we were meant to be a default. Mr. Here we still get we'll be learning about it, yeah, but you've had this stressful Yeah, if because there's quite a few members of staff, yeah, yep, so. But if it was day one, imagine the stress of day one. No, no, no, I do appreciate that. Now, besides, aunties made a decision from start. But yeah, on day one, I would have showed you the basic stuff, how to do basic dispensing illegally, and then I would have went and the late and all these queries, would have propped up, yeah? And you would have said, Oh, that's not here to show us now, yeah. So that's why I'm here today, six weeks later, to show you the little niggly things. Are the ones there, but you never saw it, but it was always there, yep. So I just had to point out to the right direction. Yeah. That's all okay. So today, me coming on, on site, today, spending time with you guys, going through everything with you guys. How was the training process? It was really useful. Actually really does, really helpful. Mate, yes, there was stuff, let's say I felt like I knew the basics. But yeah, there was little things that you've really helped with. Emma reiterated, I see as well some of the things what we do, we were doing extra steps, yes, and I showed you a shortcut way, but you don't have to add those extra stuff. You can make things a bit quicker. Yes, like your NHS tracker, like your audits, yes, like your wing board, things like that. We're always there. We just never clicked on it. Yeah. Yeah, so little things like that helps when you do a visit. Yeah? Other pharmacies that don't have site visits, to be honest, there are some pharmacies that don't want to visit on site. Would you recommend it? Yeah? I think so, yeah, definitely. Yeah. It's a bit more hands on personal than as well, than just watching a video. That's fine, but then you can't ask this is saying, Oh yes, so me be there today, watching over you guys, saying to you, you asked me the questions. Yeah, you really know the system. You really take me away. How much you know about the system. Anyway, yes, it was just me observing you, asking me the questions. Anything I missed out? Yes, so fingers crossed, yes. Okay. Jeff Watley, you guys are definitely doing really well. I think I give the credit to your team, and definitely, definitely Andy, because after lots of practical, he made sure that you girls, he's already ate he did. He did like I say, we, we learned the little basic, because he already used this system, yes, yes, which we already knew what? Where you guys were struggled, where he needed to give more time, yeah? So where he was like, oh, no, you need to do things a bit differently here. Yeah, that hat, yeah. So me having the communication with him on a weekly basis. Him telling me what, which members staff I need to speak to regard to with specific things. You have a massive difference. Because the things some of us are still a little spit, yes, but less knowledgeable than others, maybe, if they don't use it as much. But today, I went through every single things that I went through with you. I went through with every single one so trying to get everyone to the same level and confident, yeah, and looking at my shoe to say, I'm surprised. Everyone does know it, just they never went there. They do have to

Unknown Speaker  11:44  
Hi, Nathan. Look.

Speaker 8  11:47  
Nathan, your your regional manager for how many stores? 2222 stores. And today is our last one,

Speaker 9  11:57  
the final one. Yeah, we finally got there. The rollout itself has gone really well. Not not without its hurdles, not without its G bumps and stressful moments. Look, you know, we we need to be honest, but actually, on the whole, really happy with how it's how it's landed, how the teams have adapted to it. Yeah, the support we've had from Titan, from the from the team's been excellent. So I'm really happy, actually, with where we are today. Yeah, and going forward, you know, the sky's the limit now for, for, for the rest of our branches,

Speaker 8  12:30  
brilliant. Thank you. I mean, for your region, what do you think it will achieve, like Titan, for, for your branches, for your pharmacists.

Speaker 9  12:40  
Well, look, you know, the whole idea of implementing Titan is to give our pharmacists more time back. We can already see some of some of that is always already happening and going forward, as the teams get used to it and adapt to it and grow with Titan. Yeah, learn the system. It's there's only going to be more time then that the pharmacists are freed up to do the service as part of their role and and to deliver services for their patients. Yeah, yeah, brilliant. So change is difficult, isn't it? Yeah, yeah. 100% but actually, all your teams have, like I was saying to you earlier, like today, they all came in eager to learn with with open mind, and that's made a huge difference. Yeah, I think that's the key, really, because any, any change of PMR is difficult. That's probably the reason pharmacies only do it every 20 years. Yeah, but yeah, the teams are the key. And if the if the teams come into it with with the right attitude, and come in on the sort of front foot, yeah, then that is that is absolutely vital to land in it the way you want to land it. So, yeah, you know, like, like we said, 22 branches, the whole region is now done, and I'm excited now about what we can do next. From you,

Speaker 8  13:57  
fantastic, and congratulations. And it does take leadership, so, and you've been part of all of that, so thank you very much. Oh yeah,

Speaker 9  14:06  
thank you. It's been, it's been, it's been a journey, hasn't it? Yeah, brilliant. Okay, thanks. Now, thanks everyone. Yes. Hi

Speaker 3  14:12  
Merrit, hello there. So we in reading pharmacy, today is your first day with Titan. Well, go live. Do you know why you chose Titan? For

Speaker 10  14:22  
Titan, I believe that it makes freeze a lot of fine, fine.

Speaker 3  14:26  
Has he freed up a lot your type? Not yet. You sure? Because I saw you walking around,

Speaker 10  14:32  
but it they certainly do with corporate staff. They actually love their love their product. Yeah, love their in their looking forward you to work with

Speaker 3  14:42  
it. And do you think it's the right decision to make because you come from Postgres, yeah. What has been your best feature so far?

Speaker 10  14:53  
The best thing is just for me, sitting here, train up your time. Not only that. That is, take your weight up. Might be outside of it.

Speaker 3  15:02  
That's it. We had a bit of play with batch flow today, yeah, so you got to see it. And I believe we had quite a lot of smiley faces with batch flow. Yeah. Do you see that being used in your pharmacy? Yeah,

Speaker 10  15:14  
definitely. Something loves that is when you've been to face to face training, yeah, just for a few hours in Nottingham. The gentleman there, they were doing 35 at the time, and he's saying, this is the best thing. That's why I told Sam, you know, just pick up a total to the Rev. I think that makes life much easier. I think long term pharmacists or pharmacy owners, they benefit quite a lot from it, yeah. The reason being that you can identify which star worth keeping staff wonders and which one not. Yeah,

Speaker 3  15:48  
you can run the report to see how much dispensing has been done. Yeah, definitely. And if you do have some some spare staff, you can always use that stuff for other activities in the pharmacy. Yeah, which we're happy quite a lot, because there's loads of jobs in the pharmacy to do. Is not just dispenser, yep, yep, okay, um, any, any, anything that you recommend to another pharmacy with regards to Titan? What would you recommend, particularly, that

Speaker 10  16:13  
you know, if you're in doubt whether Titan is good enough, yeah, you know to go for it. They should definitely go for it without any hesitation. Oh,

Speaker 3  16:21  
do you have any regrets? Not at all. No. Happy with the process so far. I hope you've done it. Yozo, and you can see with Titan, there's a lot to learn. So obviously you need to give yourself time to learn as well. Yeah, and the staff seem happy.

Speaker 10  16:35  
Yeah, the six, we're happy. Yeah, they wonder. They're not happy. You know, obviously they have good they've got to use to it, otherwise, you know, they're happy. Oh, sorry about that. To be honest, I've have seen

Speaker 3  16:47  
them quite happy today. So I haven't seen anyone who said I like Titan, no. So that's a good sign.

Speaker 11  16:53  
Or younger generation who will learn fast, yeah, they will learn quite old one like me. So, yeah,

Speaker 3  16:58  
Bob, okay, fantastic. Well, thank you so much for your time today. I hope it was a good experience. Thank

Speaker 2  17:04  
you so Mustafa. I've come down to Silverwood pharmacy. I did mountain before with Raj. You're his business partner. I take it. How do you think Titan will change your business?

Speaker 12  17:16  
Well, I'll be honest with you, right? For years since Titan was launched, I've been very skeptical of Titan. I went through a demo a couple of years ago with one of the people who set it up, and at the time, I felt that the software wasn't quite ready for everything that we needed it to do. But now, few years down the line, it's come leaps and bounds from what I knew it we in the beginning. There's a lot more functions. There's a lot more versatility it produces. It allows us to build our day and plan our work so much more in advance, and we can work at it from different locations. That's really good from pharmacist point of view. So we're the owners of this business. So we also we can check prescriptions when we're not in the in the pharmacy. We can clinical things, and then the girls can get straight onto dispensing. What it's done is taken away, a massive bottleneck, which we had before, with previous with the older systems, because it's turned the whole dispensing process on its head. Whereas previously, we used to dispense that the girls would dispense, that the staff would dispense to stop the items, and then the pharmacist would clinical and accuracy check at the end. But now, because we clinically in advance, it takes away that bottleneck where they're waiting for the pharmacist to do the accuracy check or the tech AC T to do the accuracy check. That That in itself, has taken away a big, big, a big bottleneck for us. And then secondly, I think that this system reduces down dispensing errors to virtually zero, right? And that is one of the most important things that any pharmacy would appreciate, if you can knock down your dispensing errors, because that is your biggest risk, and Titan has allowed us to do that. So well done, Titan, and we appreciate everything. All the support that we've had has your implementation process? Implementation has been absolutely spot on. We had our first branch implemented a couple of months ago, and that is running absolutely smoothly. This one. We're doing it this week. We've already probably more than halfway through, getting through all the different changes and different settings that we want to put in, and and all the staff are embracing it. They like the system, they like the layout. They like the screen, the tagging system, all the little bits, all the messages that you can put on for the next level of dispensing. I mean, it makes the whole system a lot more professional, a lot. Titan a lot more accurate. So what more can you ask? And would you go back to your the PMR system, not after being on Titan? No, no, because what Titan has allowed us to do, we could never have done it with the previous system. But the whole process is different, right? So the whole process is a better process of doing prescriptions than what we used to have. Would you recommend

Unknown Speaker  20:24  
this to other independent pharmacies? Absolutely,

Speaker 12  20:27  
absolutely. I have a few friends already who already use Titan, and it was through their recommendation as well that we went into it knowing that other people like us were using it successfully, efficiently and and we're seeing growth in their business, allowing them to do many different things in terms of services and better care for the patient overall. We can put lots more information on the labels now easily previously was a struggle. So in in all respects, from what I've seen in the experience I've had with title now, been using it since July and just implementing in this branch this week, and I can't see any fault with it in terms of how the software works and what the priorities

Speaker 2  21:13  
are. So the staff, it's been a privilege me to be meeting you and Raj for Silverwood pharmacy and mountain pharmacy. I just want to say thank you for your hospitality. Today. It's been fantastic meeting you and your team, and I wish you all the success with your business.

Speaker 12  21:27  
Welcome anytime and well, we look forward to the next thing, because obviously, Titans always evolving. And one more thing I want to add is the fact that you take on feedback from the users so that the programmers can then, you know, update the programming, or change the coding or something to make it more useful, is brilliant, because no other PMR system does that. Thank you. Okay, I'll be honest with you, I've been very skeptical of Titan, but now it's come leaps and bounds. We can work from different locations. It's taken away a massive bottleneck reduces down dispensing errors to virtually zero. I feel quite

Speaker 4  22:05  
positive about it. I think it's a lot easier to use. I think there might be teasing problems down the line, but so far, everything that we've been showing today makes sense and it's quite easy to use. Think tomorrow, once we've got into the swing of things and we've worked out our own way of doing it, we'll find our own system and the way of doing it which will make it 10 times easier, or you feel it just gives you that reassurance that everything is correct.

Speaker 8  22:28  
Change is difficult, but you guys have done brilliant. Smashed it today. Thank you really. Well done. Thank you again. How do you like doing the clinical check up front?

Speaker 13  22:39  
Oh, it's easy, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no problem.

Unknown Speaker  22:43  
Okay,

Speaker 8  22:44  
and how about the barcode scanning and the validation? It's

Speaker 13  22:49  
good. Yes, I'm happy with that at the when you're the pharmacist for the day, you know you take responsibility for what your staff are doing, but both I and my static feel that they feel comfortable with it. I feel comfortable with them doing and so, yeah, yeah. It feels good.

Speaker 8  23:07  
It feels good. Okay. You feel comfortable with that? Yeah, definitely okay. And you've done it as well, using it so you can see the double barcode validation at the labeling, the picking and the packaging, it's, it's almost foolproof, isn't it? Okay, okay, very good. And how do you think it will work here? Well,

Speaker 13  23:28  
yeah, I do feel it work. Well, we're quite busy, and I think it'll, it'll work well for just getting, getting stuff shifted through,

Speaker 8  23:36  
yeah, yeah, yeah. You're very, very busy here, aren't you? Yeah, once we're up to speed,

Speaker 13  23:41  
it'll, it'll, will rattle through them. Do you think it will free you up? Yes, I was concerned that it wouldn't with all clinical checks, but I don't feel badly initially. We'll see how it goes. But what aspect of it

Speaker 14  23:57  
does? Brilliant. I don't think I'm going to spend all their just sitting there, right.

Unknown Speaker  24:01  
Okay, so so far so good.

Speaker 15  24:06  
Hello. My name is Kieran. I run Easons pharmacy in Tamworth. Started here. Titan has been a real game changer for me before I before I was using Titan, I was working two or three nights a week late. I was stressed, burnt out. I was doing a decent number of services, but I couldn't take any more on. I just didn't have the capacity to do it. So then I took the leap. Took on Titan, and at first it was really tough. It was really hard getting my staff and my systems in place, and it's a totally new way of working. So it took time to get it to work. But now, now it is working, and it has been working for a long time for us now, and it's just freed up so much time I used to go. I used to have to stay late now. I get home every night, on time. I even work from home several days a week, if, if I like. And there's no problem doing that, because I can access all my systems from home. Our services are increased. Our NMSS have gone from 30 to 180 a month, and all our other services, private and NHS, have all done likewise. My staff, my patients, are all happier. Patients get the text messages as soon as it goes on the shelf and nothing's missed. The staff run my dispensary. I don't go in it anymore. They shout at me if I go in, so I don't have to deal with the mundane of running that side of the business, because they do it all for me now it's just changed everything. So if you're on the fence, go see a pharmacy. Check out, check it out, see how it works for real, and then get ready to hand your notice in at your current PMR. Titan has been a real game changer for me. Before I was using Titan, I was working two or three nights a week late. I was stressed, burnt out. I just didn't have the capacity to do it. It's just freed up so much time now. I get home every night. I even work from home several days a week, because I can access all my systems from home. Our services are increased. Our NMSS have gone from 30 to 180 a month. So my staff, my patients are all happier. Patients get the text messages look as soon as it goes on the shelf and nothing's mixed. It's just changed everything. Get ready to hand your notes in by your current PMR,

Speaker 16  26:38  
hi, cannav, I can see you offer a variety of different services such as weight management, travel, health, clinic, pharmacy, first services, earwax removal and many more. Can I ask how you manage all of that?

Speaker 17  26:50  
Thanks for the question, hi, yeah. So as you could see, we do a lot of services. You really want to know how we do this. We only do it because of Titan. So since day one, it's a brand new shop. It's a brand new business for me. Since day one, I've always had Titan, and it makes me do a lot of other services and generate revenue on that. And purely it's because of Titan, the way it works, the way it's designed, it lets me do all of that, and I have my personal time. I have time to do all a lot of other things and a lot of other services, which we offer in our store. So yeah, thanks to Titan.

Speaker 16  27:30  
You seem to be pretty relaxed. How do you have so much time? Well,

Speaker 17  27:34  
again, Titan's helping me a lot with my dispensing. So on daily basis, the way we work, I'm only doing my clinical tricks, and I leave the rest for my dispensing team to dispense it, bag it, file it and hand it out. Meanwhile, I do all my other services in the consultation room, such as air wax removal, travel, health, weight loss and all the other sorts. And all because of Titan,

Speaker 16  27:59  
the last pharmacy I worked at used to claim prescriptions all day long and get behind dispensing. But I don't do claiming here. Why is that?

Speaker 17  28:06  
Well, partially, a lot of other pharmacies, they have a lot of different softwares, but through Titan, all you do is you click on one claim and it claims all the prescriptions for the day. So then that means you're free to do dispensing. You're free to do all the other things Kaya, and you can get on with all the other customer services and all the other services that we provide in our store. So which is why we have a lot of time to do other things, other than just keep scanning description all day long and do claiming. So that's why all the claiming is done through me in one

Speaker 16  28:43  
go. And last question, kind of would you recommend Titan to other people? Oh,

Speaker 17  28:48  
yes, certainly. From day one, if you have Titan in place, you know, you have a lot of good efficiency for workflow. And IT manager. It lets you manage all the items, all the dispensary flow for the prescriptions, enough, to be honest, I've as a brand new business, I've had really good response from the community, saying, Your services are really efficient, and that's purely because of Titan, the way it works, the way it lets me do what I need to do. And because one patient comes in, all the bags are ready for collection, and everything's given out in one go, and that helps improve the efficiency of the business, and we grow eventually.

Speaker 3  29:28  
Hi, Kat, hi, hello. We're here at the pharmacy today giving some training on Titan. How you finding it so far? Well,

Speaker 18  29:36  
I think the training has been really beneficial. So it's really sort of cleared up a few sort of things that I didn't know, sort of Titan I'm finding really revolutionary. And I think once I've had a little bit more experience on it, it's going to be absolutely fantastic, and really free up the pharmacist time.

Speaker 3  29:58  
How. Have you learned new things about Titan today? Oh, I

Speaker 18  30:02  
have, yes. So all these, like, little niggly things that you that aren't the sort of very basic processes I've learned, so that's really sort of expanded my knowledge on it. So yeah, that's been great. And

Speaker 3  30:15  
when you put that into action, do you think it's going to make a massive difference? I

Speaker 18  30:19  
think so. Because I was very a basic level. So I think certainly when I'm on my own without anybody experienced here, I think I'm going to hopefully remember the knowledge and certainly have a good way of playing about and I know what's on the screen, so I can utilize a lot more functions.

Speaker 3  30:41  
So we're sitting here having a collect your prescription board. Your inbox is completely empty.

Speaker 18  30:46  
Oh, I know he's on Titan AI. So I'm sitting down on my backside drinking tea, letting the girls do all the work. Yeah, I'll do a bit. Do you like Tyson mix? Oh, yes. Oh, do. But it's fantastic. Yes, making a massive change. Oh, yeah, it's brilliant. Yeah. And you're a great sofa. No, just, I need a bit more experience, but it's come in massive learning sort of curve at the moment, so it's getting there. So that's really good. Fantastic.

Speaker 3  31:14  
Yeah. Thank you so much for your time today. Well, thank you very much. You seem to be pretty relaxed.

Unknown Speaker  31:19  
How do you have so much time?

Speaker 17  31:21  
Titan is helping me a lot with my dispensing so on daily basis, the way we work, I'm only doing my clinical checks, and I leave the rest for my dispensing team to dispense it, bag it, file it and hand it out. Meanwhile, I do all my other services in the consultation room, such as avax removal, travel, health, weight loss, and all the other sorts and all because of Titan, the last

Speaker 16  31:45  
pharmacy I worked at, used to claim prescriptions all day long and get behind dispensing. But I don't do claiming here. Why is that? Well,

Speaker 17  31:53  
partially, a lot of other pharmacies, they have a lot of different softwares, but through Titan, all you do is you click on one claim, and it claims all the prescriptions for the day. So then that means you're free to do dispensing. You're free to do all the other things Kaya, and you can get on with all the other customer services and all the other services that we provide in our store.

Speaker 8  32:16  
Hi, cab. How are we doing? Good? Good. And your first day using Titan, yeah, and as a locum, it's really important that you know, we get your views of how Titan was and your first day. So what do you think?

Speaker 19  32:35  
Yeah, really good. The transition from like the old PMR system too, tighten, very smooth, so it's very efficient as well. So good, yeah. So it's not a smoother than I expected, to be honest. So, yeah, it's pretty much a normal day, really,

Speaker 8  32:50  
no good. So, yeah, pretty much, you know, the whole pharmacy got back to using it, you know, operating as normal, didn't they? That's just that just got on with that. That's right, yeah, very quickly. So as as as a pharmacist, what did you think of the workflow? You know, you you didn't have to, you weren't checking at the end. Were you

Speaker 19  33:13  
No, no. So it frees up a lot of time. So you do your clinical check at the start, and then, like you, the rest of your staff take care of everything else, really. So, yeah, it frees up your day, yeah? So you can spend more time on other services, spending time with patients, yeah, dealing with queries and stuff. So it's really, really effective, yeah? I

Speaker 8  33:34  
mean, you're a pretty laid back character anyway, but you know, usually what is, you know, have you been more relaxed?

Speaker 19  33:44  
Yeah, definitely. So this is a really busy branch, so you're talking about excess of 10,000 items a month. So yeah, on a normal day, it's very, very busy. So you're checking back to back, so from repeats to walk ins to over the counter queries. But yeah, since Titan has been implemented, it's only been, what, four or five hours, six hours, yeah, yeah, speed up a lot of time already. Okay, so you've already noticed

Speaker 8  34:09  
a difference, yeah, definitely, yeah. That's brilliant. And you know, in the other pharmacies that you work here, yes, would, would it make your life as a locum easier? Definitely, yeah.

Speaker 19  34:19  
I mean, as a PMR system is complete. So I think more contractors, or more companies should look into implementing Titan and into their business, because it's more effective and it's more safer as well. It's not safer because it's a barcode check in so mistakes are basically not happening. If you've always a system, it shouldn't happen, really. So so it's more safer for the patient.

Speaker 8  34:44  
And you've obviously, you feel more confident with that barcode validate, yeah,

Speaker 19  34:48  
definitely, yeah. It's like, it's like a triple check, essentially, isn't it? Yeah? And the barcode is never wrong, essentially. So, yeah, it shouldn't happen. So brilliant. That's, that's fantastic. Thank you very much. No problem. Very well done. Thank you. And do

Unknown Speaker  35:03  
you think it's benefited the branch?

Speaker 5  35:04  
Absolutely, absolutely no, no, no way, two ways. We're only probably two or three days in, and you can already see, see a difference.

Speaker 2  35:12  
How's the implementation process been with you? Girls, snows.

Speaker 5  35:15  
Very snows better than we thought. Actually, we were a little bit apprehensive. We'd gone across to other branches and seen that girls weren't running about like headless chickens. So it sort of put us in gobstadt that we were going to end up the scenes.

Speaker 2  35:28  
So tuag, yeah, this is your go live today with Titan at Howard's pharmacy. How do you think it's gone today? I think

Speaker 20  35:35  
it's gone really well. I think it's makes it nice and seamless to be using the one system. Initially, we have to do things and processes to set it all transition, but we can already see how it's going to save us an immense amount of time, not just me, but the dispensary staff, to be able to get processes done quicker, prescriptions ready for staff quicker, which means we're happy. Patients are happy. Most importantly, free up time to do services and training of staff, to get them to potentially do services. So we're going to be able to provide a whole round service, which obviously, for a pharmacy point of view, we are a business. It will increase revenue and income, which is what we want to do at the end of the day. So yeah, I think it's fantastic. Easy to learn, easy to pick up, simple. Got no problems with it. How was your implementation process? Really good, you know, for example, other webs, other companies you work with, trying to get onto a phone line support, you're on hold for ages. You have to get someone to call you back. I must have called the Titan Implementation Team double digit times on my phone, literally pick up instantaneously. Are able to log into the system, fix the problem or do the training online to show us how to do it. No problems. There's nothing I've asked them that they've not been able to show me or fix for me instantaneously, there and there without having to come back, which is great, which allows us to carry on with what we need to do I just get on with

Speaker 2  37:01  
it. As a pharmacist. How do you think it will benefit you as an individual? Oh,

Speaker 20  37:05  
100% give me so much more time to do services, less stress, which is always great. Great for your mental health as well. But most importantly, allows me to do what I love, which is speak to patients, serve the patients, provide many services, NHS and private, which, again, gives the pharmacy an all round service provider image. Would

Unknown Speaker  37:24  
you go back to your old PMR system

Unknown Speaker  37:26  
without using French? No.

Unknown Speaker  37:30  
And would you recommend this to other pharmacies? I

Speaker 20  37:33  
definitely would. Yeah, if you're able to get yourself on board with tight and I think it's, it's the future of working for pharmacy, in my opinion. You know it's it uses tech. It makes processes seamless, it streamlines them. And it, just like I said, there's a lot of processes pharmacies don't have time to do that are part of their compliance process, and this will free up your time to do that as well as provide services without being stressed and overworked. So chirok, I just want

Speaker 2  38:01  
to say thank you for your hospitality. Today. You've got a fantastic team out there, and I wish you all the success. Thank

Unknown Speaker  38:07  
you very much. Appreciate it. Thanks for

Speaker 8  38:09  
the help. Hi, Jill, how you doing? So today was your first day with Titan. It was, yeah, okay. How do you think it's gone? Yeah,

Speaker 21  38:18  
good. We're getting there. It's going to take a bit more practice. But yeah, you're

Speaker 8  38:22  
a very busy pharmacy, actually, aren't you? Lots of walking in, walking in, patients, and yeah, but um, you've done really well today.

Speaker 21  38:31  
And also, of course, we have the backlog as well from before the takeover. So yeah. So probably put a little bit more steam in. We really could do with using it the system more, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  38:40  
but

Speaker 22  38:41  
first impressions, yeah, yeah, it looks good, yeah, yeah, better

Unknown Speaker  38:47  
than you thought it went.

Speaker 21  38:48  
I looked at the video, the first video, so I sort of did have an idea, yeah, that helped, yeah, that helped seeing that first but yeah, no, I thought it was

Speaker 8  38:56  
good. Okay. Well, you've done well. You've got used to it in a very short period of time. So very well done. Oh, thank you. Okay. Cheers. Bye. Bye.

Speaker 23  39:07  
So I'm here today in portug, branch of Avicenna, with James. How has how have you felt today has gotten your first day go live with Titan. How have you found that the day has gone so far?

Speaker 24  39:18  
Well, to be honest, obviously, we sort of approached a day with a bit of trepidation, but as much preparation we could do. But the days be abstractful for us. And it's my fortune to be honest, and it's been fantastic. Bit a lot I've done all sorts of things coming in with schemes, only one saying that, but general prescriptions as well. Interlock than that, and I always threw them in the end. It was really good. Obviously, do a couple of clinical checks, etc, but also did installment scripts as well. And how'd

Speaker 23  39:53  
you find the systems? Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off there. How do you find it compares to your old PMR system? I. Um,

Speaker 24  40:01  
obviously we were well used to that. We ran it for, I don't know, many decades really.

Speaker 23  40:05  
Change is scary. As Larry, you're so used to your old familiar sister coming to something that's completely different. But how have you found that change there from one sister to other?

Speaker 24  40:16  
If better than I manage it, to be honest, it would bear the toy UK but it was odd, as I said, trepidation beginning, yeah, of course. But, and the system is really user friendly for a start, and well, I mean, with good instructions around us a bit, he

Unknown Speaker  40:36  
and play as girl.

Unknown Speaker  40:39  
Yes, Salish is here with me today as

Speaker 24  40:41  
well. Yeah, the dynamic hero, we try and yeah, but no. And the different, the only little side we found was there was a little bit of sedation, perhaps creating problem where there was a bit of a gap between the records and they were almost at the wrong time as well. If it was around. If it was two months ago, it wouldn't be the problem. But it was literally a few days in between the changeover, maybe quite a lot of last week, and it caused a little bit of problem now and again, maybe, but it wasn't too bad that's we got around it. And I'm sure, as the week is on, that every Sunday, day one, yeah, stop one. Yet, it'll, it'll run smoother, smooth as you stay personally myself. I'm not quite sure what the girls have been doing, yeah, the rule, but they will instruct me. I mean, there is sort of a spoon feeding me the moment, but I will pick it up, no problem, just like Sergio. Because Sergio, when I knew he said out, and we all did, but I don't think it'll take long to be as proficient as an act with this system. I think that's the

Speaker 23  41:46  
beauty of the system, is it allows you to be in your consultation room, and it frees you up to carry out your services and things without having to be in the dispensary. You know that once you've done your clinical checks, you free up those prescriptions, and your team can just get on efficiently in the background, which is what they've done. Brilliant

Speaker 24  42:01  
Glenn mentioned that, on average, is about one in 12,000 items. That mistake that we should the customer with this system is one in 65,000 early even darts. And I did. And on that basis, I was a bit very nerve wracking, just letting it go once you've done a clinical check, and I've been adapting prescriptions quite a bit, especially beginning only one little thing I left go by that was knocked down instead of night at D train till when, yep, but it was fine. But the letting go is quite difficult, just like the same as my when I had a CTS. First of all, that took a little bit of Jesper, but letting

Unknown Speaker  42:42  
the girls control, yeah, I think it's

Speaker 24  42:45  
a way of ECT as well. I mean, used to them being working here, and, God, has been a long time ago, about 20 years. And I started that must be, yeah, we can Yeah, but now anyway, but I sort of made me feel better anyway, because, I mean, we work with ECT anyway, but yeah, this is seems another step again. So relinquish it's difficult.

Speaker 23  43:07  
Yeah, absolutely. The barcode validation means you can trust the system to do that extra check to make sure that everything is accurate. Anything that needs an additional check then is flagged up so nothing gets bagged, nothing gets given out to the patient until those jets are done by an ECT or a pharmacist for everything else can go ahead and be packed.

Speaker 24  43:25  
I mean, what I felt at one o'clock compared what I felt at nine o'clock is is vastly different. And even though it's half past five, I feel much better, even again, especially having checked off all these prescriptions, but saying that they weren't that many as normal today, so I couldn't believe it when they finished. Yeah,

Speaker 13  43:44  
something got through the main cut. Yeah, yeah. But that's how we I a book. In this book, we actually

Speaker 24  43:48  
have for counting in items and from the surgeries, not old, not over the top, sorry, a coupes. But there weren't that many, but I couldn't believe how quickly I did then. But when I get about three, 400 by doing instead of, say, about 50, whatever, we'll see how quickly I remember. Hopefully now I just threw everything to be just as fast as you'll hug you, and

Speaker 23  44:14  
in a couple of weeks time, you'll have the addition of Titan X as well. That'll do the AI clinical checks for you that'll assist you with changing those doses and and filtering out all the safe prescriptions. So that'll reduce the number of clinical trials

Speaker 24  44:27  
they start to do as well. Oh, I don't mind dwelling on scripts at the moment. Of course, I'll become more efficient again that probably spend even less time in you and all time out there,

Speaker 25  44:36  
yep, and more time in here, doing services rather than getting up industry. Well,

Speaker 24  44:41  
one CA, yesterday is on me. I mean, all right, you do more, some of them, a favorite section, but I'm usually, I'm sure, you know, I'll be doing all of that. And of course, vaccination soon.

Speaker 23  44:53  
Yes, of course, it's being able to do the clinical checks from staying in your dispensary, in your consultation room. You'll be able to have your patients in and do some clinical checks in between. So it's just it allows you to be more flexible with your ton, absolutely, yeah. How do you think Titan is going to help the business moving forward? Well,

Speaker 24  45:14  
they'll free me up to do more clinical things, basically, which is

Speaker 23  45:18  
essentially what the pharmacist is needed for these days, isn't it? Yeah, absolutely. The bread and butter is the dispensing, isn't it. But when you've got an effective tea that you'll work efficiently with your clinical checks done on Titan just means you can have that running nicely in the background, nice workflow. And I

Speaker 24  45:32  
must admit, well, though, I'd say my staff probably be there. Was that. They seem really galvanized to and really keen to just carry on, and they're the police at buzzing, not as high anyway,

Speaker 23  45:45  
just this gives them a little bit more responsibility on their part as well, which, if you've got that team that, like you say, is, you know, ambitious and they want to move forward and want to learn more and take on that responsibility, then Titan does have ended. So after that as

Speaker 24  45:57  
well, I feel they learned an awful lot as well. Was me and myself today. So thank you. Hi,

Unknown Speaker  46:02  
Ian, hello,

Speaker 8  46:03  
moving your first first day. It's five o'clock now, your first day with Titan. How do you think it's gone today? Better

Speaker 26  46:12  
than I expected, if I'm being honest, we seem to be going through the work, yeah, much more quickly than I thought we would on our first day? Yeah, I thought our first day would be toggles Totto jail. All right, to be honest, I think there's about as much work left at the end of the day as we might normally have on a Tuesday. Because, yeah, Tuesday's been our busiest days when the most scripts arrive in from the surgery. Yeah, so today, it's gone. It's gone. All right, it's gone. It succeeded. My expectations. It turned it could have gone well, that's

Speaker 8  46:42  
good. And I must say, your team's actually picked it up. I know they were a little bit nervous earlier, yeah, but they've got on with it, which was brilliant. So one of the things you were talking about earlier, you said you were going to be all right, but you're worried about your team, yeah. Well, what what did you mean by that? My,

Speaker 26  47:02  
my idea of what Titan does is that for the bulk of the prescriptions, Titan plus the staff, is the same as me plus the staff as was the idea of being lab freeze milk, yes. And so that's a big mental block for them to get through. But they've got to let are going to let go of me, yeah, and trust Titan to do the bulk of the boring stuff, because a lot of the check in is bordered, yeah, you know, don't need to check someone who's had printable on aspirin, yeah, 20 times before that can go as long as it's accurate. Could go straight about. But that's that. That's still a big step for staff who are not registered with the gpfc, probably the last of a step to John. Yeah, he gets it. Whereas the dispensary staff, they've not asked for that level of responsibility, and it's getting their head around the idea that, yes, they're being asked to do something different, but the safety net is still there, yeah? And that's through the bucket validation. That's right, I've watched the processes, and I'm confident that they're robust. Yeah, okay, so

Speaker 8  48:02  
that that's good. And then for your role, I mean, you were doing a lot of flu vaccinations and stuff today, correct? And there'll be more those services coming your way, isn't there? That's right. Well, how do you think it will help with that? So

Speaker 26  48:16  
for me, time's a game changer in terms of being able to do all those services you're talking about. I'm training to be an independent prescriber. So by the time we're up and running, and I get that role involved in in the spring, that goes part of my job, the role of the dispensary will be not gone, but it will be considerably less. Yeah. Now, if today, when I have done sort of circa 50 flu jabs today. It's not that's not loads, but there would still be when I if I now at four o'clock. So five o'clock, when there's no more flu jabs, there'd be piles and piles of baskets waiting for me to check. That's not the case today, even on our first day, it's just gone chef in a way that it couldn't have done before. Yeah. So I'm quite hopeful that once, and this is just the first day. It's gone better than I thought. But I'm work hopeful that come the New Year, when we're all really running with it, yeah, I've seen that the procedures are robust. Yeah, I'm quite hopeful that my my role is going to change completely, and it will allow me to be in here regarding dispensary. Yeah, that that's, that's the goal. I'm hoping that that's where we'll be. Brilliant,

Speaker 8  49:20  
brilliant, yep, I'm sure you'll get there. There's lots more efficiencies, you know, we haven't, we haven't turned on things like Titan AI yet, and there's something called batch flow, which will make the dispensing even more efficient. But look, you guys have done fantastic today, and thanks for leading the team through

Speaker 26  49:43  
it, John. John's led it more than I have, because I've been, I have, I have been here clinical services today, so I haven't been there, yes, for at least half the time. And I'm blessed to have a good technician who's done excellent technician who can, who can do a lot. What is Yeah, yeah. Brilliant. Thanks to the team for time. Mind as well, because that should support some great thank

Unknown Speaker  50:02  
you very much. Jen, Okay, hello,

Speaker 3  50:04  
Heather, no, hello. So we're doing a site visit today to check in how you getting on your title. So how are you getting on your title? Rocky start. We'll have it now. You liking me? Definitely, yes. Yeah. Can see a lot of the benefits. Yeah, still a lot to learn. Yes, for everyone, Titan keeps on changing, keep developing. So we say, is

Unknown Speaker  50:29  
that good? Isn't this constant? Is change? Yeah.

Speaker 3  50:31  
So what's your best feature so far on Titan? Definitely

Speaker 27  50:36  
the EDOs, handing out the EDOs good like that. Yeah, because we can, we can tell people what's in the packages, if it's not already on the shelf, what's where it is in process in the building, or,

Speaker 3  50:51  
sorry, we've got nothing for you. Yeah, nice links, yeah. And the best part is, if there's more than one package, yeah, it tells you how many packages on the shelf? Yeah,

Speaker 27  51:01  
and knowing that you've got items in fridge, and that you've got items in a CD cupboard, because the amount of time for use to not give out fridge items, obviously it's a big, big, big, lean so

Speaker 3  51:12  
patient takes the bag away, rings you back in half an hour. Say, well, then my insulin is not in there. Yeah, it happens quite common, but we're tight and they shouldn't Yeah, yeah. So I'm on site today to give you some training, some tips. Have you learned anything new from me today?

Unknown Speaker  51:30  
Numerous things,

Speaker 27  51:33  
how to put comments on to patients records and also onto individual medications. Yeah. Learnt tags, developing more on the tags. Oh, and children aside, knowing about just finding generic products, what the brand would be, etc, not explaining that very well, but I know what I mean by all right, it

Speaker 3  52:04  
makes sense to you. You know where to go. You know where to file it. That's the most important thing.

Speaker 27  52:09  
Okay, that's me. Yeah, that was one of the biggest problems I was having, not knowing what the item should be. So

Speaker 3  52:13  
for any pharmacy that has Titan, would you recommend them having a site visit from a trainer? Definitely. Yeah, makes a difference. Yes, yeah, fantastic. Yeah. What is you can you

Speaker 27  52:29  
working for refine how you're doing things, or, you bet showing actually, you don't need to do it this way. If you do it this way, it's a bit quicker. So it's just refining your techniques,

Speaker 3  52:39  
isn't it? That's it fantastic. Well, thank you so much for your time today. You've been fantastic. Yeah, you've been my queen for the day.

Unknown Speaker  52:49  
Thank you. Settle along. Hello,

Unknown Speaker  52:55  
using batch flow, yeah. How you finding it?

Speaker 28  52:58  
Yeah, it's good. It's it's different, but it is good much quicker. It is quicker. Once you get the hang of it and hang it. It's only my third day of using it. So

Speaker 3  53:11  
are you confident enough? Sorry, you're confident. Yeah, reasonably, yes. How many baskets Can you all together? I can do 2626 and how many doing today? I'm

Speaker 28  53:22  
doing 11 here because some of them are quite big spritz Okay, so,

Speaker 3  53:28  
and you've got the lovely pigeonhole baskets, yep, in the corner, handy to have. Oh, sorry, handy, yeah. Except number 10, Mitchell, the hard bridge. We'll have

Unknown Speaker  53:41  
to have to have a chat with Andy about that.

Speaker 28  53:42  
Yeah. Well, I had suggested we moved them all down, but then they added some more at the bottom. Yes, it's all right for me, but it's not going to be all right for some of the people I work with who are not very tall. Yeah. One thing I have learned is actually to take the fast off the shelf and look in it and not just reach in, because it's really missing.

Unknown Speaker  54:10  
It's going really quick, isn't it.

Speaker 3  54:14  
It's made it easier for you to pick. It's easy to take because you get listening up with a couple of you can dip with round must see and quicker to a dispense as well. Yeah,

Speaker 28  54:25  
I guess so it just when you get to a split, it slows you up, obviously, but yeah, generally, pretty bit

Speaker 3  54:32  
I can't is, does he talk to you the PC? He goes quickly. You'd admitted it.

Speaker 28  54:41  
We found it a bit of bit irritate. Yeah. I mean, it says roll drug, SCAD, one more. No, we'll tell you that, but it's just did, like the Gox nine. You've got a little hole to can do the imitator.

Unknown Speaker  54:55  
So I just look at the label.

Speaker 3  54:56  
Fantastic. That's going really quick. I would say you're better with hostels,

Speaker 28  55:03  
but I'm pretty quick at the drumming and labeling anyway, because, you know, I've used it before. They it's just getting the hang of it. I mean, I was finding the girls were like, carrying each one off individually, which then takes your ages, and you end up with all these little bits of paper. Or I tend to let it all run out, and then yeah,

Speaker 3  55:24  
so you've got a care home coming on board, sorry, care home coming. Yeah, you make a massive difference for your care home, wasn't it? Hopefully? Yeah, no, my as

Speaker 28  55:34  
well. I just need to get my heads down doing it on batch flow, yeah, I might do some of it this afternoon, because it needs to be done.

Unknown Speaker  55:42  
Well, then the week,

Unknown Speaker  55:50  
come on.

Speaker 2  55:52  
Oh, so Katie, we've just done batch flow, your first batch flow. And what do you think of it? It's very good. I like it. Very good, really good. You happy with the batch? Protest, yes, it will make things a lot easier, a lot easier. Yeah, we've got a batch of fire, haven't we, though, yeah. So when you got more space, you're going to create a bigger batches. Definitely, yes,

Unknown Speaker  56:14  
when we have the space, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  56:15  
So would you go back to Pro's foot? Do?

Speaker 2  56:33  
No, yes, no, no, okay, then so everything I've shown you today, what do you find more benefit you as a ICT and

Speaker 14  56:43  
just just getting it done a lot quicker. Um, yeah, basically.

Unknown Speaker  56:50  
Laura, thanks for the feedback. Nate, how'd

Speaker 14  56:54  
you feel about toting it's very easy to use once you get the hang of it, the team are always on the other side of the phone to help. So it's really good. It's a lot more efficient than what we was using.

Unknown Speaker  57:03  
What's your favorite feature about Titan?

Speaker 14  57:07  
Probably that once it's clinically checked, it can be handed up to the patient. There's no waiting for the pharmacist to be free to be able to check it over.

Speaker 3  57:15  
Would you go back to your old PMR sister? No. Thank you. Wine.

Speaker 14  57:20  
Stage is laughing. Because this is just much hurricane it saves me. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  57:27  
it's so much more efficient. Yeah,

Speaker 3  57:30  
it does. You free up a lot of time for your pharmacist. It does, yeah, yeah. Just quicker in, quick out, yeah. And for

Speaker 4  57:36  
patients waiting as well, if it's ready to pick you can literally just go. There you

Speaker 3  57:39  
go. Fantastic. Well, thank you so much for your time today.

Speaker 29  57:42  
Hi. My name is Cameron. This is a little video Titan, and I'm gonna tell you the good, the bad, doubling of it. So this is my honest review that's not biased. So bit background. I've used many different pharmacy, PMR systems. I work for Lloyds. I've local video Lewis. I work for independence or expert proscript, you name it. I've used it now. Titan is somewhat that was fairly new to me, so we're using it for three months this branch working out super busy branch. It's a healthcare center one, so we do need something that's bit more advanced, more faster for his performances, so I can go ahead do other activities. Now. Little bit review about Titan. And first we got it, absolutely hated it for the first few days. That was just because lack of training. Now it's fully operational. Makes life so much easier. It's very quick. It empowers the dispenser staff to do, you know, pretty much once you've clinically checked it, they can go ahead and complete the prescription and bag it and shelve it. Was very advanced. Retrieving prescriptions, super easy. So no more flicking through the box. Misfire prescriptions. Everything is scanned onto the shelf using the several handheld devices. It's so futuristic. So any of the PMR systems, and it's my honest opinion, if you're a pharmacy owner or a manager, just get out your contracts, because you're kind of and switch your Titan. Reason I'm saying that is it's going to make you lie so much easier. So the good bits are, it's very easy. Picking stock can literally pick you up to 50 patients in one go gives you a four sheet, kind of confidentiality. I won't show the sheet, and it's gonna have patient medication, but you get a sheet, which, you know, gives you, like a 50 patients medication. So if I'm going to the shelf to pick something, I'll only go to that shop once for all 50 patients I work with, picking, for example, 15 amlodipines separately, back and forth. Back and forth frees up so much staff time, allows you to do higher numbers, but you can scale your dispensing so you can increase your dispensing quite significantly without increasing the man hours, which is brilliant, because everyone knows five. Is quite tight on fungu, so, you know, you don't have the resources. So you can just, you know, over hire stuff, if that makes sense. And the other good thing about Titan is fully touchscreen interact is it's, it's like, the easiest way I can strive it is, it's like going from, dunno how some of the viewers are, but it's like going from a Nokia 402 to when the first Apple iPhone came up. It's like jumping from that. That's how intuitive Titan is. Claiming very easy. It's very accurate. Handling repeat dispensing. Most of our works. Repeat dispensing is phenomenal, how it handles it. Handles it. No more manual printing out scripts. You could even go completely paperless. Now, a few bucket parts via is, let me think, okay, so one is, sometimes it does close itself down randomly, like after a few hours of use, but there's nothing that's so significant that I would say, you know, don't get it unless you're in competition with one of our branches. And I said definitely don't get it. Yeah, that's my honest tribute. Brilliant system. Basically, it's like having many different pharmacists in one store, because that's how it empowers the dispenser. Use the AI checking. It's always like, you put some expiry date, batch number under boxes. Handle your services, very easy. We've got someone called tight titanverse, and that's brilliant, guys, my honest opinion is, oh, one more thing I'll tell you. So we were broken into when our shop was absolutely destroyed. This was when we first took over a new store. Come in. We thought, Oh no, we're ruined, because everything a computer Smash. All the stock destroyed it. We vandalized and suddenly trying to set back heed Hence, for some reason, just

Unknown Speaker  1:01:55  
a couple of young

Unknown Speaker  1:01:58  
looks, should I say,

Speaker 29  1:02:01  
the only PMR system, I know that I could message so such, and now they're pretty new to us, so I don't know too well, but the way they handled and helped us immense. So we were gonna be broken into. So I messaged such. Say, look, urgent. Need your help. Need your assistant. I need new PMR system. New everything's setting up these guys on Saturday. No, no other PMR system. On Saturday, they're not at work. I messaged them. They got it all set up for me within six, seven hours. And with that, I just want to say massive thank you to them, guys, if you would any other PMR system, honest peers. Switch to Titan, you won't be great.

Speaker 23  1:02:46  
So today is day one. Go live in avasecon, Avicenna brunch, and I'm here with Ashley, who is going to tell us how her first day has gone so far with Titan. How you feeling, Ashley? How's it been?

Speaker 30  1:02:58  
Honestly, I was dreading coming in today, but it's gone so smoothly. I'm normally used to pro script, which is crying Bailey fiddly, but oh my gosh, this Titan is made. Thing echoing so much easier for me on rounding. It's only Monday, so I was really looking forward to the rest of the week. Normally, I'm again, I'm quite stressed person, so this is alleviated part of and it just be so much better. I think

Speaker 25  1:03:23  
amazing. Oh, here's the feature with Titan. Thanks a lot. Take care. So

Speaker 2  1:03:29  
that's it. Just popped in to see you today. I've just got a couple of questions for you. Why did you choose Titan? I

Speaker 31  1:03:36  
saw Titan a couple of years back at the pharmacy show. It was very intriguing. I caught my attention, and ever since then, I've been, you know, I, the way I look at it is this is gonna be the future for pharmacy side. I thought we have to get on this at some point. Took a long time and come in. We gave it a couple of years, and from what I can see, is very much, very much matured in those two years since I first saw it. But we had to get ourselves ready for Titan. And finally, we're here. So we're we made that step. And how do you think it would change your business? I think in terms of my time, especially, it would free me up service. We run a travel clinic. We have earwax, so many private services. And I think that's that's the feature for pharmacy. At the minute, we got big push from prescription so the idea is to automate that as much as possible, to allow me to focus my time on services that actually bring in money. And how was your implementation process? Fantastic. Imagine you yourself, been excellent. And everyone on on that team, every time we've called them, they've responded very reasonable of our time and always resolved the situation. So not had any problems, and the small niggling things that we did have, it was, you know, scanners, not drivers, not being installed, and things like that, but they sorted out instantly. Offered a

Speaker 2  1:04:59  
couple. Personal questions for you, yeah. Well, notice you're very techie. So what's your favorite feature on Titan?

Speaker 31  1:05:07  
Favorite feature on Titan, the Titan X. Titan X is, is, I think that's, that's, that's taking it from me doing something to me doing nothing. Well, not nothing, but it's, it's, you know, it's learning from mine and everyone else's, you know, decisions over the past and again. There's, there's things that I don't need to be sitting there clicking a button to say, Yeah, that's fine. There's things that robots can do for us much better than probably any human camera. Okay, a long follower question, would you recommend it to any of the independent pharmacies? I absolutely would. I, in fact, I have, I've got a friend in Nottingham who's going to come and see it, so hopefully they see the benefits and maybe they shake it up. So you might be Nottingham so much. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:05:55  
Roma, so the last if it was a pleasure meeting you a team I'm popped into. I see you, and good luck with the business. Thank you very much. Thank you. It

Speaker 32  1:06:04  
saves the pharmacist so much time. We're now able to spend more time with patients, so much more efficient than any of the PMR. I think

Speaker 33  1:06:11  
we'll be able to learn to lock the waiting times down considerably when everybody knows what we're doing. The system itself, I think is going to go a lot smoother than the way everything has been handled like I found a lot of things easier than I thought I would initially prescriptions finding much easier, much smoother as well, quicker to find. Once everything then all the old stuff is out, I think that everything and will be just well, everything's gonna be so much better we pick out smoother, faster. Hello

Speaker 3  1:06:39  
Andy, hello. So we're doing a site visit today at your pharmacy. So you've chosen to have Titan. You had Titan for about four weeks. Yes, roughly. Why did you choose Titan?

Speaker 1  1:06:54  
We chose Titan because we needed to move into a service based business. Based pharmacy contract. We needed to move away from the pharmacist being bogged down with checking every single prescription. We needed to free up their time so that they could engage with all the new NHS priorities, which is where all the funding is at.

Speaker 3  1:07:17  
Has it made a difference in your pharmacy, especially for your pharmacist, absolutely I see the change. Pharmacies

Unknown Speaker  1:07:22  
have noticed the difference almost straight away.

Speaker 1  1:07:27  
The dispensers are empowered to do a lot more in terms of their roles. They can complete a lot more prescriptions. Pharmacists are only having to be involved in about 20% of the accuracy checks. And with Titan X, their involvement in the clinical checks is assisted as well, and that's only going to get better as Titan X picks up its percentage.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:53  
What is your best feature and why?

Speaker 1  1:07:56  
There are so many good features in Titan it's such an innovative platform, it's really difficult to pick from everything it does. One of the things I've noticed has made a real difference in one of my shops is the way it manages electronic repeat dispensing it will automatically schedule downloads for every four weeks. Or you can edit that to change the interval if need be we can pull them down if you need them earlier. Really flexible, but it means that we aren't taking hundreds of phone calls a month about electronic refills and prescriptions that need to be pulled down and dispensed. We can just tell patients to relax and come in when they're running out. So make a difference, right? Absolutely. Yeah. It reduced the phone calls significantly.

Speaker 3  1:08:37  
And got your ERD board, you could clearly see what's happening. Yeah. Would you go back to your old PMR sister? Never you Sure, absolutely? Well, fantastic. Thank you for your time today. The staff have been absolutely mate. Thank you. Okay, Hi, Andy, Hi, yes, hello. So we're doing a third site today at contingent pharmacy. Yes, we are. How has it been so far for you.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:02  
So far it's been good.

Speaker 1  1:09:05  
We are like you say. We're on our third site, really encouraged by the progress that we've made with the other two. This is about week three for Carrington. We've done quite a lot of prepping. We had Titan running alongside their previous piano so that the staff could spend some time watching the onboarding videos. They all had a go at dispensing some prescriptions using the packaging feature with the clean items, so they all had a little bit of an exposure before we decided to switch over nominations. We switched over nominations about two weeks ago, and everything's nice and stable at the moment, which is really good, but the team still need to get a lot more experience, a lot more confidence. And I think having NAS in today has been really good because I've got two experienced Titan users who benefited from training to really kind of stretch their knowledge and bring them up to date, and then the other members of staff, it's been great just to have now, just to help them kind of build their confidence. So So, yeah, I'm newly pleased so far. So

Unknown Speaker  1:10:22  
your third site,

Speaker 3  1:10:25  
you know, what's needed for Titan to prep your staff? Yeah, so there was a lot of prepping done by yourself to get them to the stage where they are. So we have a lot of pharmacists coming on board who haven't done any prepping. Okay, what would you say to that? I

Speaker 1  1:10:40  
would say the prep is really important because it means that you get better value for money out of your training day. You don't want to have your trainer come in and hold hands on the basic functions. Learning to use Titan at a basic level is like learning to use a Sainsbury's staff check out. It's really intuitive. And so use the onboard use the onboarding videos. Get experienced staffing, just to do the simple stuff. What, what you're really looking for from your trainer is to take people from knowing Titan at 70% to taking them to 95% that's where the trainer comes in.

Speaker 3  1:11:23  
Well, so far your journey with Titan from branches, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:11:28  
first few branches that now established have really, kind of settled in really well. We had the Easter period where we've, we've probably lost about 50 hours of staff per week, and we had three bank holidays in quick succession, and we're doing a 10,000 item pharmacy, and we didn't, didn't hit rope, and it literally went as smooth as it ever has been. So and we put that, and the staff put that down to Titan,

Speaker 3  1:11:58  
fantastic. What has been your best feature so far in title, the introduction

Speaker 1  1:12:02  
of batch bow has made a huge difference. Just being able to get all the 123, item scripts and get them done with just a couple of trips around the dispensary, you can, you can dispense a couple of 100 items with one member of staff in the morning, and it's really, really productive, and

Speaker 3  1:12:23  
you got a K hole coming on board. Yes, we do. And batch for bat flowers gonna make a massive difference with that as well. But you do, yeah, any regrets so far? No, not doing it sooner, I see. And we've got another site coming up next week. Yes,

Speaker 1  1:12:39  
fourth one. Yeah, much busier pharmacy and but we've been working hard and getting the getting the confidence up, getting the prepping. So hopefully that'll go smoothly.

Speaker 3  1:12:48  
So if you want a good journey with Titan, you want a smooth transition, it's best to have your prepping done before

Speaker 1  1:12:54  
it's the growing, working, make the before your trainer turns up and it will pay

Speaker 3  1:12:58  
off. Thank you. Well. Thank you so much for your time today, your team has built so fantastic. Thank you. No thank you. Bye Amy. Hello. Your first day with Titan today, yep. How was your training so far?

Speaker 34  1:13:12  
A lot to take on board, but I can see how it is going to improve things. You can see things getting better. I can see, yeah, definitely, yeah, yeah. I like the fact that I know where to go as well. If I need to recap on anything, that's

Speaker 3  1:13:27  
good. And you saw the half files. Oh, the half files, yeah, how easy to access them. You can edit it, yes.

Speaker 34  1:13:35  
Oh, definitely, yeah. No, I like that. That is good because there's a lot of information going in. Day one, day one. Yes, we did

Speaker 3  1:13:43  
a bit of MDS training today. Yeah, you are the MDS queen. Yeah. How'd you find the training? I thought

Speaker 34  1:13:50  
it was good, yeah, yeah. It was a lot simpler, a lot easier than I thought it was going to be. Yeah. Never

Speaker 3  1:13:58  
mind. And what about? What about batch flow, because we tried batch flow today.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:02  
I did actually do it, but I was there. No, I liked that. I thought that were

Speaker 3  1:14:08  
good, yeah, yeah, definitely, you can see that implementing your pharmacy.

Speaker 34  1:14:11  
Definitely, yeah, I can see it improving, you know, the space that we use and how we use it, Yep, definitely.

Speaker 3  1:14:21  
What has been your best feature so far?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:25  
My best feature the cockerel.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:29  
That's nothing to do with Taito. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:14:32  
Yeah, the best feature. So we've done quite a few different things with a handheld device. You've done batch flow. We've done MDS. What has been something that your coach you are probably the

Speaker 34  1:14:43  
MDS, because that that is what I spend most of my time doing. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:14:47  
you saw the process is broken into three different parts, yeah, you should make it easier for you, yeah. Oh, definitely, yeah, yeah, yeah. And often more we help you out a bit more, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:56  
yes, I would love like, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:15:00  
Would you? Would you go back to your old PMR system if you had to? If you had a choice? No, I don't think so. No, that's very positive. It's day one. Yeah, you're using Titan. I can see

Speaker 34  1:15:11  
how it works. Sometimes you have to look at the bigger picture. I know that next few weeks are going to be tricky, and today is quite hectic because we're working off two systems, and it's all, you don't know where anything is, and customers don't know, yeah, why there's a hold up today? Oh,

Speaker 3  1:15:28  
I see. But what I picked up today is, when a customer's coming in, you manage to find that picking label, you're dispensing it, you're giving this story out. You know the time frame when to give you out? Yeah, you're not chasing a pharmacist OECD, no, no, that's great now. And how quick is that for you? That

Speaker 34  1:15:44  
is very quick. Yeah. It is John the mantra of Yeah, yeah, as long as the clinical checks are being done regularly throughout the day, yep, on that computer, on

Speaker 3  1:15:54  
that computer, hide in the corner where he hides. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:57  
and the pharmacist hides eyes.

Speaker 3  1:16:01  
But yeah, no. So far today, has it been good for you? It has, yeah, yeah, as you have been on site. Or do you prefer remote

Speaker 34  1:16:08  
sessions? Oh, much easier on site. Much easier. Yeah, yeah. It's still easier to deal with the person when you're trying to learn because you're doing it as you go along, and nothing sinks in properly until you actually do it. And guess I say

Speaker 3  1:16:22  
definitely, because when our first team came in the morning, you have list of questions, yeah. Oh, nice,

Speaker 34  1:16:28  
yeah. Well, exactly, yeah. We've been, you know, compiling that. I even had a problem pile, didn't I, you know, the answers

Speaker 3  1:16:34  
were all there, yeah, yes, didn't see it, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely, yeah. Okay. Well, thank you so much for your time. Today. It's been a fantastic visit. Yeah, nurse, you and your team. All the best. Thank you. Thank

Speaker 7  1:16:46  
you. Hi guys. It's Alta from our farm chemist, and I wanted to tell you we've moved PMR systems to Titan. It's brilliant. It's paperless, it's automated, and it's convenient, because you can log in remotely. The clinical checks are easy, and I'll tell everyone looking for a PMR system, look at Titan. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
