Speaker 1  0:00  
It right? So we started in 2021

Speaker 2  0:06  
we started with the first one in Leeds. Then we bought a couple more. We've now got four under our belt. And then this we're looking for expansion, and this is where we've created this hub, which can then take up the capacity to do what we need to do in future. So among all four together, we would probably be hitting about 40,000 item so we first moved to Titan in 2022 that was the first time when we moved to one of our branches, and that's when we switched from our old PMR onto Titan, and I think we've never looked back since then. We got the another two, and then we moved them across, within first six months, onto Titan. And to take it a step further with the fourth one, we did it from day one. So yeah, it's been, it's been a good journey with Titan. It's given me a confidence as a contractor to say I can handle multiple branches. I think it's given my staff a lot of freedom to do what they think they're best doing at rather than relying on the pharmacist to do the dispensing side of things. It's made me feel back as a pharmacist, rather than an ICT. We're now in a position where we can do a lot more clinical services in the branches, provide the healthcare, provide that time to speak to the patient, rather than thinking, I've got loads of baskets to check. Even if we had a CTS, we still were always firefighting because we didn't know where things were. I think Titan has just simplified my life. I think my team's life in all forms and every step of dispensing, and it's just been so safe from start to finish. We're no more worried when the phone rings to say, is it an error? It can never be an error. We just think it's just brilliant. During olden days when the phone used to ring, my heartbeat would stop and think, you know what, there must be an error. We must have done something wrong, whereas now we are more excited to answer the phone calls, because we know we can't do anything wrong. So it's more about having the confidence to see what's in that phone call involving and it could be a clinical service opportunity. It could be an opportunity to bring a patient in for something. And, you know, we've got answers to everything, because it's all on Titan. It's just visible all over there. So my biggest strategic focus was when I, when I was running the pharmacy, I had realized one thing was having multiple branches, even though you try to run it as efficiently as you think you could with Titan, and there were still bits and bobs where things were going wrong, stock managements, things like that. And I had to make a decision to say, how are we going to be more efficient so that we are more profitable as a business, and I had to bring the dispensing under one roof. And this is where the creation of the hub came in place, where we thought, if we centralize our dispensing, and the future would be that all the pharmacies which we operate with would eventually become a clinical hub, whereby it would be the only thing patients come there would be for advice, clinical services, over the counter, medications, basically, it's like a walk in center for advice, because prescriptions is not their concern, because that just gets done. It comes it's on the shelf, you pick it up, and it's gone, so that it's just frees up the staff and the team to do everything else but dispensing. The idea of the idea of improving efficiency, was to try and give the power to the people who can do more than just the dispensing. And so it was about a normal dispenser could then do a blood pressure check. The technicians could use the pgds. A newly qualified pharmacist could look after all the private services which are not so complex, but then also triage that further to a senior pharmacist within the organization if the complexity was out of the rim. And I think it was about giving that possibility for each staff member to do that we had to make sure that they've got, we have to come off the bread and butter thing, you know, because every time the dispensers, or any team member who works in pharmacy would always think about, we need to dispense, we need to dispense. We need to dispense. And I think, to change that mind frame to say, well, it's not about dispensing anymore. It's about providing service. It's about providing the clinical service. It's about making it more profitability by providing that service. And looking after your local community health. And that's what is the vision, that each of these pharmacies are never going to be called as pharmacies. They're all going to be classed as a health clinic where patients would be going in to pick up a prescription, which will just be something as if you go to Asda to pick up a can of milk. But what you can get along with it is what we are trying to offer at the pharmacies. Recently, the laws have changed a lot of NHS wants more enablement from the pharmacy team, so the laws have changed recently, where a farm where a dispenser can actually provide vaccination, you don't need just a qualified pharmacist to do that. So we are training our dispensers to do the vaccinations. We are then training up more technicians so that they can start using the pgds, so that they can then provide the pharmacy first. So it's to provide them the training to try and get them up to that speed, to say, look, okay, we will be picking one pair, one technician per branch, and ask them to specialize in one PGD, for example. It could be a UTI, for example, and then they've still got that freeze of pharmacists to do something else again, but at the same time, they've got the pharmacist available. So in case, if that UTI patient is a more complex one, then at least. But that complexity might only happen one in 10, which that means that the pharmacist is not looking after those nine and doing something else in order to increase, again, a revenue stream from somewhere, like a private services, which is currently not possible through technicians. So I think peer to peer is quite a new thing, which Titan has given us at the minute as a really massive tool. I think the only reason I had to set up a traditional hub, what we call it as was the fact that we didn't have the capacity to fit a massive robot in one of the branches. Otherwise we wouldn't have possibly thought about a hub and spoke kind of a model we would possibly work with peer to peer. And the benefit of that was what I noted during my time working in different branches, was you've got a branch which is short staff or has got no staff and has got 1000 prescriptions to dispense, and you've got a branch which is up to speed with everything and has got all four staff members doing nothing. And it was to try and figure out, how can we use our own team members to help each other out, even though they were 50 miles apart, kind of a thing. And I think peer to peer sits there perfectly, because you could not only send the prescriptions to a hub level. Peer to Peer is a brand new tool, which, you know, Titan has enabled us to use at the minute. And I think it's it's amazing, because

Speaker 2  7:46  
it What, like I said, we noted that a branch has got two staff with one holiday, one sickness, and got 1000 prescriptions, struggling, and they've got a branch there, which has got four staff members, and they're up to speed with everything, but they can't help each other out because they're 50 miles apart, but with peer to peer functionality, if you're a part of the same group, you could technically consider sending your prescriptions to be dispensed at your other branch. Or when the legislation changes in October, it could be other branches as well, you know so and I think that is the difference and the beauty of peer to peer compared to hub and spoke, because with the hub and spoke, you can only send it to the hub, whereas with peer to peer, I could send any of my prescriptions to any of the branches and ask them to dispense it for us. It's just a shame that we can't fit the robot in each branch to allow that to happen. This was a question which came up, as, you know, a business continuity plan to say, what would happen if the hub stopped operating, you know, power failures, or just for small thing, if there was a mechanical error with the robot and it stopped working, how are we going to get the dispensing done? And that's where the beauty of peer to peer would be. It would just go back on the branch level. But even then, you can send a more efficient branch all your prescriptions from where you don't have enough staff for them to then continue to still dispensing. And like I said, the vision has always been dispensing should be the last thing on everybody's head, and that's what Titan has enabled us to do. It just tells us, don't worry about dispensing. We'll look after it. Yeah, so with regards to our hub and spoke, how it works is all the pharmacists in the branch, they do their own clinical checks, so the responsible pharmacist on the premises will do the clinical checks, and then the dispensers would then be in a position to make a decision of which prescriptions can just be hubbed and which is not needed. And they would select the prescriptions and then just send it to the hub side. Or even if it had to be a peer to peer, they would decide, saying, these prescriptions can wait for 24 hours, let's get that sent to up to another peer, so that they can dispense it for us while we provide the clinical services in branch. Basically at the minute, what? We're trying to do is, the way the spokes are working is they're trying to be available for patients, right? So they're saying, if it can be hubbed, just hub it, you know, if it came to and also, the stock holding capacity has gone down. You know, we're trying to create more consultation rooms in the pharmacy, rather than keeping dispensing shelves over there, so that we can provide that service, we can go and do what we have to do. So the idea is that if you hope it, it's quicker for the dispensing. It gets done dispensed quickly, and it's come back as a package, and then it's ready for patients to pick it up. So I think it's difficult to filter out. But at the minute, the way I'm seeing the trend going is that the dispenser in the branches, or the entire pharmacy team in the branches, is trying to focus to the fact, let's not worry about dispensing, send it to the hub. Let's look after the patients who walk through that door and provide the services which they need to look after their health. Yeah. So I think the visibility is quite transparent. If a patient had to walk in through the pharmacy, and all you have to do is put the name, and it will say whether it's in branch or whether it's at hub. It will also tell you which batch it is gone to at what time it was sent, which then gives you an idea, saying whether it's going to be back within 24 hours and and from a point of functionality, we've got the options where, if needed, we will be, eventually be able to release the prescription. So we are never going to be in a position where a patient would walk through the door and we would have to say, Sorry, we can't help you. We'll always be able to do something about it if they need it as a matter of emergency. So from a transparency point of view, I Titan, from day one has always been for us, where we know exactly at what stage that prescription is. And I think with peer to peer or hub and spoke, it makes no difference. I think the visibility is exactly same. It's just all it tells them is that it's getting ready at hub. That's all is the difference. Whereas before, it used to be saying at the spoke level, to say it's in picking stage, it's in labeling stage, or it needs a packing, packaging stage, whereas now it just says it's getting ready at hub, and then as soon as it comes back, they get a text message. So when we discussed about peer to peer and when we wanted to, you know, we analyzed everything about, like I mentioned, you know, 1000 prescriptions in a branch, and two dispensers or four dispensers. And I examined using the Power BI data analysis, which Titan gives you, and I looked up with how many staff we used to have per shift, and how many items they were labeling, and we realized that they were doing about on an average, between 12 to 15 items an hour. And I don't blame them for that, because obviously they had to answer phone calls, serve the customers, provide any necessary services. So they had loads of other things on their plate. What we have now done is, by adding automation, we've made Titan even more efficient. What we're looking now at the minute is we're looking at about between 40 to 45 items an hour, done by a dispenser, which means that that dispenser, same dispenser used to work in branch, has become four times more efficient just because they're not getting broken off and they've got the AI, the technology, the robotics involved, which is helping them to dispense more safer than ever before, and even more efficiently. Then I think the pro The question is, we never had an idea of previously. We never knew what we what we were working on. You know, there was never a log. We knew that there were 400 items which had dropped down and there were labels generated, but we never had the audit to say who's labeled it or who's dispensed it. But you can't physically count the signatures on the boxes, so I think I personally never looked at the data before, but I think, I think the, I think what I look at it as from a business point of view, as a contractor point of view, is that the workload has stayed the same for the dispensing team. You know, it's going up and up and up. And the problem what happens is the remuneration is not good enough for pharmacy, and we need to get more efficient in doing what we are doing, but we need to do it better, and we need to do it quicker. And I think that's where Titan has changed and revolutionized the dispensing process to provide us the efficiency which we need. And the biggest feature from P to P point of view is the fact that I so the biggest feature from for P to P which I rely on is, is the batches which comes to the peers, and then dispensing them through a single patient mode

Unknown Speaker  14:51  
is just

Speaker 2  14:53  
a dream for a pharmacist to just stand there and actually look of how, how neatly that this. Financing takes place, and stock control for us, you know, with peer to peer functionality, everything's under one roof, which just helps us so massively to try and utilize our stock. And we're not overstocked at other branches. You know, if any overstock is there, it's getting utilized appropriately within the time. So I think the stock control added with peer to peer, with single patient mode, is just a tick box of everything at the middle. Yeah. So I think stock control, we've just started using it. So obviously the good thing about stock control is we can now set thresholds on it. We can then order things in time, rather than relying that all we've run out and then order it so again, that all costs, all will then interrelate into efficiency, because at the end of the day, you want clean prescriptions getting done on time, continuously. And I think if you have the stock in place, then that's what matters from a stock control point of view. Like I said when, when we were traditionally dispensing and relying on on human beings to go and pick it. And sometimes, if they don't know, they don't see it properly, they created into owing you're reordering the same drug. Now that could be 100 pounds a box reordered even though it was sat on your shelf. Whereas with stock control now it gives you the location of the stock, and if there is a location written on it, it's highly unlikely that it's not there, isn't it? It's like it has to be there because somebody has assigned that stock with that shelf. So those kind of things have massively helped us. We've reduced our stock levels, which we need in order to dispense the same 40,000 items. So much lower than what we used to prefer. And from a functionality, because we are we're heavily relying on threshold ordering and working with it, because we can trust Titan to tell us when you're due to order it, so that we are never going to run out of it. I did a rough figure, because we had a stock valuation done in one of the branches. So at a branch level, we have reduced about 45% of stock holding capacity at branch level at the minute by using peer to peer. So that is a massive, massive, and I think just the daily operations they get about two thoughts which they need to unpack now, whereas before, they used to get 20 and all that has just disappeared from branch level, so that they can now, like I said again and again, just keep focusing on how to provide that customer service. What is needed to look after that patient every little second will then add up and eventually becomes an hour, which then is available to do something else. The peer to peer helps. If everything's under one roof, you're going to have the benefits. Because when, when the ordering is taking place, it's taking place under one umbrella and and if I'm over here, there's somebody responsible and accountable for it. It's not just going to sit in and you can run the stock reports. You know, you're not waiting to physically see it on stock. So, you know, with Titan, you can see which shelf it's assigned to. You can run a stock report. You can then find out which one's over stocked. You know, even if it's inside the robot, you can run a stock report. And I think what it does is it immediately bring alarm bells to say, why have we got this item in there? Or we can put a block on it so that it doesn't get ordered until we replenish or use up what we have. And I think all that makes a massive difference to the bottom line on a day to day operation for us. And I think that's brilliant, a massive functionality, which is helped us with sending the batches to the spoke at the minute. So what we tend to do is, obviously, as we know, Titan dashboard is quite neat and clean. It flushes up your acutes and your repeat items on dashboard. So that's a hint itself to say that if it's an acute item, more likely the patient's going to need it today. So then they don't tend to hub it. But even if they did hub it, you know, we wait. We're going to get the functionality to say, you can release it at that same point, which means that the patient will, even if they turn up unexpectedly, they'll get it. The beauty of the feature is that when somebody is trying to hope the prescriptions, and if they've accidentally selected items which they think they're not sure of, it could be specials, it could be nutritional supplements, it could be fridge lines. It could be controlled drugs. Titan PMR will pick that up and give you a prompt to say that you're trying to send something to your peer, which could possibly be a control drug or a fridge line. And that, again, stops the mistakes to take place. And it then helps you. And then it gives you the option to say, Well, no, I'm going to dispense that at spoke later, which means all the work which is coming back from the hub is very clean, and everything which they've got level at the spoke level is all ready to just marry up, and then it's all good to go. So we always, yes, we use batch flow at the minute. And. That's the only way for us to do peer to peer. But batch flow and a single patient, batch flow, along with the robotic automation, has just completely changed the way we did our dispensing. It's just so clean, so neat of how it works and how it does and picks the drugs for you. There is just one patient getting dispensed at one given point of time, no risk of contamination, no risk of possibility of putting wrong places, labels, things like that. It's just a tidier way of doing it, and it's just so much more efficient, as well as what I think, from my point of view, I could sit and talk to you all day here while what's happening in the background. I've got a separate pair of eye for it, so it's fine Titan can look after it. If you are thinking about getting Titan, I would say, do it. I personally have not been able to find anything which is not functional if you are on Titan, and if you're planning for hub and spoke, get hit, because, like I said to you, the numbers will speak for itself. You know, if you want your dispensers to be four times more efficient, then, yeah, that's that's where you want to go ahead with anybody who is not on Titan, I don't know how I can help, but if they want to help themselves, then they'll need to move, isn't it? So, so the spoke the pharmacist at Spock. They use Titan AI at the minute, and I think, if I'm not mistaken, they run it in the bursts of three hours in the morning, three in the afternoon. And technically, I assume that they might be able to save at least, I would say, about an hour at least for each session, because they're not clinical and they don't have to go through the prescriptions which they've already clinical. And I think that that's another addition with Titan AI. So I think we're hitting about a mark of a bit, around 50% at least at the minute, which can be filtered through with Titan, AI at the present. So, so that's a big, big number. Yeah, no. So one of the reasons big I'm the biggest fan of Titan is, before we moved to Titan, I was spending my time in the branches till about 11 at night in the trying to clear the floor with the hope that next day is going to be a better day. We continued doing that for probably six, eight months, and I still remember those days because I had a young daughter who I don't think I've seen her grow that one year, because by the time I go home, she was off to bed. And by the time I moved out in the morning, because I had to go finish off whatever was left. She was still asleep, so probably I wouldn't have seen her apart from the weekend kind of a thing. Whereas since the time we've had Titan, I think I've managed to become a dad as well, and I've been managing to spend some time with her much more than what I would so freeing up pharmacist time. It can do that to make your dad as well.

Speaker 2  23:05  
That's this, yeah. So at the minute, the staff, who starts at seven, they'll finish at half three, right? So I think, personally, the training with Titan is quite easy. Um, my personal experience very recent. Like I said, we we implemented Titan on day one, when we bought our new branch, you know, we didn't, we didn't, we didn't have even a thought of second we didn't even have a second thought, basically, of how we are going to do it. We did it. And day three, the dispensers were up and running with it. We've had new starters who have started working at us at the hub as well. And I think the best thing for us, from a titan training point of view, is we can the functionalities of Titans can be restricted. So if you think there are certain job roles which is involving some risk, then you can deactivate that process, which means that you have made the dispensing again way more safer than what it would be because of a possible error, because of a newly qualified, not unqualified, dispensers could possibly make. So I think that role based functionality gives us a massive exponential to train the staff correctly, because we can start ticking the box one week at a time, so that they then have mastered what they have learned for the week one, and then we add the second functionality thereafter. I think it's, I think it's been a life changer for from all perspective, as as a pharmacist, as a contractor, as a dad, as a husband, we've we've kept ourselves together, and that's what Titan has done for us as a PMR, it's just given us our life back, and we're now in a position where people used to shy away to buy pharmacies. We are now thinking we can get more pharmacies, and if it's a non for Titan. PMR, we're definitely getting it, because we're getting that converted. Attacked in PMMA, yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
