Speaker 1  0:00  
So Chirag, yeah, this is your go live today with Titan and how it's pharmacy. How do you think it's gone today? I think it's

Speaker 2  0:06  
gone really well. I think it's makes it nice and seamless to be using the one system. Initially, we have to do things and process to set it all transition, but we can already see how it's going to save us an immense amount of time, not just me, but the dispensary staff, to be able to get processes done quicker, prescriptions ready for staff quicker, which means we're happy. Patients are happy. Most importantly, free up time to do services and training of staff to get them to potentially do services. So we're going to be able to provide a whole round service, which, obviously, for a pharmacy point of view, we are a business. It will increase revenue and income, which is what we want to do at the end of the day. So, yeah, I think it's fantastic. Easy to learn, easy to pick up, simple. Got no problems with it. How was your implementation process? Really good. You know, for example, other webs, other companies you work with trying to get onto a phone line support, you're on hold for ages. You have to get someone to call you back. I must have called the Titan Implementation Team double digit times on my phone. Literally pick up instantaneously. Are able to log into the system, fix the problem, or do the training online to show us how to do it. No problems. There's nothing I've asked them that they've not been able to show me or fix for me instantaneously, there and there, without having to come back. Which is great. Which allows allows us to carry on with what we need to do and

Speaker 3  1:32  
just get on with it. As a pharmacist, how do you think it will benefit you as an individual?

Speaker 2  1:36  
Oh, 100% give me so much more time to do services, less stress, which is always great, great for your mental health as well. But most importantly, allows me to do what I love, which is speak to patients, serve the patients. Provide many services, NHS and private which again, gives the pharmacy an all round service provider image. Would you go back to your old PMR

Unknown Speaker  1:57  
system without using French? No? And

Unknown Speaker  2:01  
would you recommend this to other pharmacies?

Speaker 2  2:04  
I definitely would. Yeah, if you're able to get yourself on board with Titan, I think it's, it's the future of working for pharmacy, in my opinion. You know, it's, it uses tech. It makes processes seamless, it streamlines them. And it, just like I said, there's a lot of processes pharmacies don't have time to do that. Are part of their compliance process, and this will free up your time to do that as well as provide services without being

Unknown Speaker  2:29  
stressed and

Unknown Speaker  2:31  
overworked. So Chiro, I just want

Speaker 1  2:32  
to say thank you for your hospitality. Today. You've got a fantastic teammate there, and I wish you all the success.

Unknown Speaker  2:37  
Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thanks for the help. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
