Speaker 1  0:00  
My name is Maliha. I'm the pharmacist and also a manager, so I kind of look at the clinical side of things, the workflow management, and just kind of support patients and the staff in general. So my role here day to day is mainly making sure everything the workflow is done smoothly. The work is done on a daily basis. It's complete. I kind of, I don't, kind of run it. I just kind of lead and sort of delegate tasks to my staff members, making sure that they're aware of what they're doing, and just kind of take a step back and support them from a distance, very serious. I'm not, yeah, but he's more of a funny person. I'm not like he's staring at me. I'm not a funny person. You are. You make loads of jokes. I wouldn't say I run the pace. I think the system in itself is quite a solid system. So it's I'd say the staff, if they know what they're doing on the system, I generally wouldn't need to get so much involved. So I wouldn't say I run it. I'm just, you know, in the background, I guess so, making sure the work gets done for the day, you would see so if you were to shadow me for the day, you'd see a bit of everything. So things like answering phone calls, dealing with description queries, maybe watching me do some services. You probably see what I do on the Titan system if I need to do something, and how I interact with my staff members when the drivers come in. So when sometimes we have a drop of prescriptions, the drivers coming at one o'clock, so we might have a drop of prescriptions at quarter to one, so there's that little bit of mad rush trying to get those prescriptions dispensed so that the drivers can take them. But other than that, I don't think there's a sort of a mad moment, because when things drop on Titan, it just automatically gets done. You're not waiting around so much. I have locumed in other pharmacies and, well, they were all prescription based, to paper based, sorry, so you know, if a patient came in, you would always give them waiting time, for example, of 1520 minutes here you wouldn't necessarily, you can locate the prescription straight away, and then you can, you can get it dispensed, checked and handed out within that five minutes. So with Titan, initially I wasn't comfortable with it, mainly because I didn't know how to work on the system, but as I started so I think it comes with experience. So the more experience you have on the system, the more relaxed you feel. And as that was said before, you don't have to have eyes towards the back of your head when you're on, when you're using this system, whereas with pro script you did because you've got an audit trail on Titan, so you can you know exactly who's in what when it was done. You feel confident about that. So I'd go back next door, for example, and I'd know exactly where I'm at. I wouldn't need to, you know, ask a staff member say what's happened in this time period. I'd know what's happened. So I would say the main dashboard, the main search function, so if we're having to locate so we get a phone call in regards to a patient, if we have to locate, locate a patient, that'd be the main search function. So that's the main thing that we'll be using. You can filter out a lot of unnecessary not patient, but like you can filter what you need. And I think that main dashboard page is your main function of that Titan PMR system. So instead of, like, scroll, scrolling through so many patients. So even if you have loads of prescriptions, having to, like, flick through them, you don't have to do that. You can. You can just filter it, and then you'll find your patient instantly. So when we receive a prescription from the surgery, it will automatically drop into our inbox if they're a nominated patient, if not, and it's a walk in patient, and the completely new that we can always search just one and then download it, it will probably take 30 seconds to do that, even less so once it's in the inbox, either AI will check it free for us if there is anything that AI need to flank, then it will screen it, but it will leave it in to check pile. So that's where the pharmacy will do a second check on it. But most of the time, it will just screen it through go into a picking list, and then we would then pick the item. Them

Unknown Speaker  5:01  
label it, and then if there is

Unknown Speaker  5:04  
anything a pharmacist needs to check

Speaker 1  5:07  
that will then get flagged up by the system, the pharmacist would check it, hand it out after that. So I think, yes, barcode scanning does make the process more streamline. It's much nervous so you know, and there's less prone, you know, it's less prone to errors. Anything Q scan will get flagged onto a system, as in, if it was an incorrect item, the system will pick it up. So there's less pressure on the pharmacist to kind of load these errors. So we do use Titan batch on a daily basis. So with Titan batch, especially with care homes, we will it says we do about 30 care homes, and then we once a One Care Home dropped, we then put it into a batch and process that care home together. It's much quicker and it's easier to see on the board where the prescriptions are, even with just general dispensing, if there's 100 prescriptions that drop, we will, we can put it into a batch and process it that way with Titan mobile, if a patient brings In a barcode prescription or something on the phone, we can scan it with our scanner, and that will then prop up onto our system. I think it's more you can organize it better. So where Titan is much simple, where there's no paper at all, it's more organized. So I'd say it's probably triple times faster. The Titan tool that I would say is a lifesaver would be the tracking of where your prescription is, or even tracking who's done that prescription, what time it was done. So I think it's called, I don't know what it's called. Is it just called a tracker, yeah. So the audit trail is a lifesaver to me. Titan has freed up a lot of space in terms of my workload on a daily basis, so I'm not glued to the screen all the time, or having to clinical check lots of prescriptions. Say, AI helps me with a lot of that. And also the staff are really comfortable with the system, so I've got a lot more time to do other things, such as services. So we do things like ear microception. And that takes about it depends on the ears, but it can take anything like half an hour to 45 per patient, 45 minutes per patient, previous to Titan, I don't think I'd had, I would have had that time, or even with NMSS, we barely did any NMSS while we were doing pro script. Well, we were on proscript, but now with Titan, we can do up to 300 if not more than that, per month. So Titan has so the way Titan supports me in terms of clinical safety is that it has a AI function. So it will clinically check prescriptions for me, anything that needs a second check. It will then highlight that to me. But also when it's checking prescriptions, it will flag up any sort of doses. It doses that I need to have a look at interactions, anything that's duplicated. So that helps me quite a lot. It's like a second pair of eyes. Yeah, so yes, I do feel Titan AI, and does have my background on busy or when I'm like doing some services or something, I can rely I can just switch it on and leave it to check. Prescription for me, Titan AI is doing about 70% of the clinical checking. I feel like with Titan AI, where things are done more quickly, more efficiently, sometimes I don't have to look at that prescription to be fair, because Titan, I will check, do the initial check, and then it will go to my dispensers. They will pick the item, dispense the item, and if the system doesn't flag it up as an incorrect item or any sort of error with it, I don't necessarily need to see that prescription at all. So my workload has reduced dramatically. Previously with proscript, I'd have my bench fill up probably every hour, and I have to, I'd have to, I'd be signing up my bench right the whole day, just checking, which was boring, and there would always be that fear of like, Have I checked that properly? Do I need to recheck it so I would go back to some items and have to recheck it. Working here as a team, it's it's quite fun. I think we are all comfortable with Titan, and I think that makes a big difference. So if you're say, I've located in Arbor farm. In the past, and you go into, you go into work with a team, and half the team members are not comfortable with the road system. So I think the system makes a big difference. So if you're comfortable with the system, I think you're comfortable working in the place, like, barely there, but when he is there, he literally, when he comes in, he he'd be, he'd be like, go get me water, go get me this, or get off that ship, or, I don't know, on a call this person, or get this person to come in here, or Do this, do that. And I'm like the Messenger when he comes in. I always say this to him when he's not there. So I think it works better when he's not there. That's true. I always say, you come in and you be like, why? So the only time I want him to come in is to take him to go get food or something. But other than that, it's like, I'd rather him not be in the pharmacy. So when I'm not in the pharmacy, I want to just spend time with my child. I think previously having Titan, or getting used to Titan, there'll be times where I'd have to stay behind just to get the work done. But now, if I finish at 430 I'd go home at 430 I wouldn't even stay for a minute extra. And to be honest, I can log into Titan from home, so if there was anything still on our inbox, I can call my staff member from home and say that, can you get this one done as an urgent and need to go out today? So I'm comfortable that the work gets done on the day. If a local pharmacist is coming in after me, yes, I do believe the pharmacy around smart mover, since going onto Titan, it's more efficient, more reliable as well. Dratium Prime pharmacy is a very fun, vibrant place. It welcomes all sorts of new adventures, and it's always looking for improving the services for not just the patient, but also staff members. The biggest thing that Titan has changed for me is workload. If somebody was switch, thinking about switching to Titan, I'd say, go for it. I think it's a game changer, and you'll see a huge difference from working in a pharmacy with paper prescriptions to go and completely digital. Yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
