Speaker 1  0:00  
Um, yeah, we're currently doing just under 16,000 items at the moment. So yeah, we've had really great growth. Sensory is really calm. It's totally different to how it used to be. Everyone knows what their role is and what they exactly need to do, and it's incredibly efficient. Ideally, I don't want customers to be waiting around unless they've got a service so they're in and they're out. Since we implemented Titan, I've done I've had a lot of people come visit the pharmacy to see our layout, to see how we work. And, yeah, they're really, really shocked that I can spend a whole hour with them and not be interrupted and spend time, you know, doing things I want to do during the day and still get the work done and not be behind enough to stay in the stay in the evening. So, yeah, it makes a big difference. The whole Titan process, and being quietly embedded in the in the ecosystem, is what makes it really, really easy for us. So as soon as someone walks into the pharmacy, we know exactly at what stage their prescriptions at, due to the Kanban boards on the Titan sort of system. And I make it really, really easy for the staff. I explain to them whatever's on the left hand side, you need to get to the right hand side of the board. And in doing that, then we, you know, we've done the prescription as efficiently as possible. Titan AI and batch flow are my two modules that I love the most and make the biggest difference to me in the pharmacy. So the AI is currently checking and clearing about 70% of the prescriptions that we receive. So the volume that I need to review and check is really small, and I can actually then spend some time actually looking at why these prescriptions have been rejected by the AI, and actually review them and see, are there any clinical considerations. And I think the module that helps us maintain our volume is batch flow. We've specifically designed our pharmacy to maximize this module, and I think it really shows the fact that we are able to run the pharmacy leanly and still get the work done in a safe and efficient manner using this module. And that's why I like it so much. Your repeat flow makes a really big difference for patients that we order for. We no longer have to sort of manually chase up their prescriptions, and we could also create future orders. So for example, our dosset patients where their medications are not changed, the system will automatically order it at the right time and do reconciliation if anything's missing. It chases the GP again for us, and it alerts us so that we know exactly what's going on with that patient. And then if, for example, they're due for a medical review or anything like that, we can contact them beforehand, get them in to see the GP, and then they can come collect their prescription from us, and it reduces our workload a lot. Since we bought the pharmacy in 2021 we've made a huge fundamental change. As soon as I took over on day one, I knew that I did not want to have any other PMR, other than Titan in here. So on day one, we started with Titan, and it was kind of like a long journey, because the pharmacy needs to undergo a big refit, and so we did that so we can maximize the PMR. It's a huge fundamental change, because when patients come into the pharmacy, we know exactly where their prescription is. So on the old system, Mr. Jones might walk into the pharmacy and I'd look on the system, I'd say, yes, he's got a prescription, and I'd look in this old file box. So flick through the file. Oh, his prescription is not in the file. Okay. Is it in the process being done? No, it's not with all these prescriptions over here. Is it with the Owings? Are we waiting for stock? So we no longer have that issue anymore. We literally have a titan mobile device that we have on the front counter. Now, when Mr. Jones comes in, I literally put his details in or he shows me his collection code. It brings up his details on the device, and it tells me straight away where his prescription is. Most of the time it's complete, we can go grab it off the shelf, scan that bag, and we're able to hand it out to him safely and collect any details that we need to or if the pharmacist has flagged any notes up on that bag, it comes up on the screen at that point. And then if he needs to have a conversation with myself, then I'll write him into the consultation room. At that point, Titan is quite clever, because it is constantly pulling the spine, so every sort of five to 10 minutes, it's downloading and checking, are there any new prescriptions for the pharmacy. So prescription comes into the pharmacy and it goes through Titan AI, and if, for example, it meets all the criteria, it goes straight through to a dispenser. And it doesn't need to come through myself, the Spencer then will either create a batch, or if it's someone who's waiting, or just manually go and grab those items. So we have the stock control system here, so let's you will tell them where this item is located in the pharmacies so they can grab that. And they will then bark, using Barco validation, they scan the box. The barcode system, at that point does a date check on that box and also make sure it's a right label comes out for that box. The Spencer will stick that label on the box, and then when we package, we also have an extra validation check, so they scan the label, scan the box to make sure that there's no transpose labels, and then it goes into the bag at the end. So it's incredibly safe on the Kanban board on Titan, you can see on each stage, you know, it was in pic, it's in label. Now it's in package, and now it's in handout. And once we've completed that point, we will then literally scan it using Titan mobile onto a shelf. And what I really love about this feature is it automatically sends a text message to the patient, or you can send an email if. You prefer, and they know straight away that the prescription is ready to collect. So there's no manual sort of work that needs to be done. If I had another PMR, a lot of what I described in that process would have to be done manually. So for example, my last PMR, if I wanted to send a text message, we'd have to go into that patient's record at the end, find them send that message manually, then file it away manually. The fact that all that happens automatically is a huge time saver. Also, one of the other features, I think is incredibly underrated, is the fact that when patients collect we're capturing their exemption information at that point or if they need to pay. So end of month claim process is so easy, one click on claim all and everything gets sent. So there's no more having to manually scan through your prescriptions to send your claims off. And once again, that's a huge time saver. I'd worked with Titan previously on one of the other products, and they originally told me that they wanted to launch PMR and Tariq and Wyatt invited me down to Bristol, and they kind of explained to me the vision, and I felt that this space had been very stagnant for a very long time, and what they were describing to me sounded really exciting and something that I definitely wanted to be a part of. So I was really glad when they asked, and it's been a fantastic journey ever since. I guess it was a slightly calculated risk, but I had great faith in them. And you know what they've delivered, you know, has met the vision, and the things that they're we're like Titan is planning now is is phenomenal. And I think, once again, it's going to really disrupt the market and make a real big difference to pharmacists lives for this pharmacy. We really wanted to maximize how Titan works, and particularly if you want to have batch flow, having some shelving space index the PCS is quite critical. Obviously, we have now a single basket mode if you're short of space. But to be able to lay out the baskets, scan the stock, quickly, put them into the baskets and allocate space is what makes a difference. So one of the things that they sort of explained to me was, you know, everything should have a place and a flow through the pharmacy. So, you know, we have a space for when stock are stock arrives. You know how we check it, put it out, put it away, to all the way where the bags go. So all the space has been planned even something as minor as having a under counter fridge right at the front, so that when patients come to collect the dispenser doesn't need to go back to the main dispensary fridge. They're right next to the front. They know that you can open that fridge, grab their stock on items, and give them out. I think that's what makes a big difference. We offer a wide range of services here at the pharmacy, again, starting from flu to COVID vaccines going on with BP checks, contraceptive service, earwax removal, Travel Clinic, weight loss, sort of support. So the only way we're able to provide this level of service is the fact that PMR has freed up my time because and on traditional PMR be still pretty chained to the bench checking baskets all the way to 8pm because how busy we are. But now I am able to safely delegate that work to my colleagues here at the pharmacy, and they can carry out those processes without me beginning to sort of be to be present in within that so my main function is to do the clinical checks at the start. And anything that's Barco validated and is not a high risk medication can go and be put back straight away by the dispensers. And everything else is checked by my ACDS. And that's how we're delivering, you know, services on this volume at the moment, one of the big things that surprise people when they come into the pharmacy is just how calm it is, and I touched upon it earlier, is the fact that I am actually free to have conversations with people I know my patients well. I've shown people Titan in the past, and they described it as Cayman seeing fire for the first time. Like the shock to them was, it was incredible, and they saw that actually there was a better way of working and also a safer way of working gives you peace of mind to know when you go home. Oh, did I check this correctly? Have I done this correctly? You know, all those worries are gone now, and it's given me back a bit better or work life balance. And, you know, without Titan PMR will be able to sort of have that when we have new members of staff join the pharmacy is a little bit of a challenge, particularly if they've come from pharmacy background, because it is a totally different way of working. But actually the system is incredibly intuitive, so I find that people pick it up very, really quickly. Normally, when we've got new members of staff joining, Titan prepared really great sort of how to videos for all the different options. And they've got two really good women up webinars that describe the process to members of staff. So before they join us, they have a really good idea of how we work and how things happen. I think some local colleagues sometimes are a little bit nervous when they come because it's once again, it is totally new. But when they see the level of safety that this type of system provides, they then feel a lot more comfortable to then use the features and allow the staff to sort of work as they normally do. I mean, one of the only times I've received a slightly good rating from the GPSC was the fact that I had introduced Titan into my pharmacy back in 2019. Was really, really early on, and they hadn't. Seen a system like this at that point, and they're really impressed with their level of safety and the amount of information that you're capturing about each prescription. At that point, the team are able to communicate a lot better than they used to, because they're not so bogged down anymore, and everyone knows what their specific role is, and they know where everything is in the pharmacy. But it's not just these sort of big feature modules. It's a lot of little things in the system that really add up and make a difference. So the fact that on the patient fly out, we have access to the summary care record without needing to go to another website. The prescription tracker is already embedded within Titan as well. So sometimes, if GPs are sent prescriptions just to the spine and not directly to the pharmacy, we can see that information really quickly and just download that once again without needing to go to another website. And these small things really make a big difference, and I think that's what allows us to be so efficient. I was lucky enough to visit one of my friend's farms. He's down in Basingstoke at Oxford row pharmacy. Saga was really generous, and we got to see Titan working really well with a militech robot. I hadn't seen that level of integration between a PMR and a robot before, and I could really see it's going to make a huge difference. So it's one of the reasons why we've taken the plunge. And very, very soon, we'll be having a Meditech robot installed here as well. What that's going to allow us to do is, I think, to hopefully double my volume while maintaining the current amount of staff that I have, and also focus on continuing to provide a more patient centric service and not allowing things to suffer. As you know, other factors happen around us. Okay, I kind of see having the robot with Titan as more of a evolutionary step rather than revolutionary. I think the two go really well hand in hand. A lot of thoughts gone in to this integration between Titan and also Meditech. So I think while there will be some adjustment, I really feel the team are going to be able to pick up and run with it very, very quickly. The fact that Titan is incredibly agile. I think the reason why the robot and Titan go so well hand in hand is the fact that it's not an addition to the process. It's been thought of as part of the process. I kind of feel some of these other systems, it's like a bolt on. It's an extra part, rather than it being, you know, flowing through really nicely with with our current process is what I think is going to really enhance things here and fit in quite neatly, rather than it being an extension or an add on. And I think that's what's going to make all the difference to me and the team feel over the next 12 months, my focus is going to be fully detaching myself away from the dispensing process, because at the moment, I still do get involved in some of the day to day all help out here and there. But I think with the robot coming in, utilizing Titan in a much bigger way. I want to take take that step back and then focus on my IP work, doing a lot more prescribing and being more service centric here. And I think that's what's going to further our growth, which we great. Not all pharmacies are, but by 2026 all pharmacies graduating should become independent prescribers. So I've gone to uni and I've done an extra I've done an extra qualification. So one of the new products Titan is releasing is called titanverse, and they've got some really great support for IP pharmacists on there. I've been lucky enough to kind of see the prototype of this system, and I think it's going to be incredible so and it's going to really disrupt the market once again, to be a digital first pharmacy is all about

Speaker 1  13:22  
sort of freeing yourself up to not be bogged down by current constraints. I also think it's not about adding it and for the sake of it, like everything should have a purpose and have a benefit. Otherwise, once again, you're adding steps into your processes that are going to slow you down, and it can be multifaceted in so many different ways, like we have got solar panels installed in the pharmacy Tesla Powerwall so that we can be off the grid during the summer. And with Titan workflow, we are 90% paperless at the moment. So it can mean so many different things to lots of different people, but I think it's all about efficiency and it's basically the future. Five years ago, I would not be able to be having this conversation with you. I'd probably still be in my dispensary trying to check hundreds of baskets, being incredibly stressed and just not really enjoying pharmacy. To be honest, I think thanks to Titan PMR, I'm probably still in community pharmacy. Otherwise I would have left a long time ago, because I just think the level of stress that you have using these manual processes is just too much. So it's really made a big difference to my professional and personal life. There's so many great aspects to Titan AI I am I think it's definitely one of the most underrated features. It really sort of tidies up the dosages for you. It makes sure that everything's following the same format. And I think that creates a level of professionalism for patients that they always know, that, you know, everything's going to be written in the same way. It's really clear for them as well. So there can be sort of no issues in understanding, you know, the instruction. So it's definitely a lot safer than than it would have been previously. We're really lucky when. You were redesigning this pharmacy, so I made sure I had about at least five batch flow stations. They can have sort of 30 baskets in the meat, so we can work on 150 patients simultaneously here. And that's how we can sort of achieve the level of volume that we do with, you know, the least amount of staff, essentially. But it's not just about that. It's about just getting the work done and providing a really efficient service. So we receive prescriptions and they're done on the same day, and patients really love that. Patients can really see, see that benefit straight away, especially if they've not put their prescriptions in on time. We can be really responsive for them and say, right, okay, you need this. And one of the, actually, the other little features I really like is we can actually prioritize prescriptions in the queue. So prescriptions in the queue. So you can say, right, this prescription needs to be done now. We can highlight it as waiting. Similarly, if we know they're coming today, you can mark them as they're coming today. And that really helps the team to kind of structure our workload and sort of say, Okay, well, these prescriptions need to be done right now, these we can do today. So when people are really surprised when they come in. And another thing I really, really do love, actually, is the fact we've got these prescription tags. So on Titan, I've been able to set it up to highlight any antibiotic prescriptions, any control drug prescriptions. So sometimes patients come from the GP surgery and the prescription is already ready, because the system's highlighted that Mr. Jones has now got an antibiotic. It's put it to the top of the queue. And the team has done that straight away, and they've already got their text messages. They're on their way here. So at the moment, we're doing nearly 16,000 items, and we do this without a robot. There's no chaos. Everything's really calm and really organized. Titan has given me my work life balance back. One of the things I really love about Titan is that it's incredibly simple. On the main Titan screen, everything in the pharmacy just froze from the left to the right, and everyone just really understands

Speaker 2  16:43  
that. Cool, yeah, obviously these are just quotes. Yeah, I know it's weird.

Speaker 1  16:51  
With any other PMR, I'd still be checking baskets at 8pm if I was working on my own. But with Titan, that's long gone. Patients often get a text while they're out walking the dog, and they pop in and it's just ready. Titan is efficient, it's safe, and it lets us be patient centric without burning out the team or myself. If someone's going thinking about getting Titan, I would just tell them, just sign straight away. It's going to make a huge difference to your working life, and it's going to allow you to grow your pharmacy business, and also allow you to deliver the services that the NHS want in the future.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
