Cameron Moorcroft  2:36  
Hey, hello, you're right. Yeah, good, Thanks. So I'm just gonna set this up for everyone. Yeah, good. How are you? How are you doing?

Prab Channa  2:54  
Otherwise, all good. What about yourself? We've been up to any much?

Cameron Moorcroft  2:57  
Um, yeah, just busy. Doing lots of work. Titan keeps me super busy, which I'm very thankful for. They're really, really good guys over there. Yeah, yeah, I'm just gonna set up this screen record so I don't forget. But yeah, no, thank you so much for taking the time. Man, really appreciate it. Wad said some really good things, so it'd be like a really awesome case study to get going. Okay, and like, I've been using Google Gemini to do some research as well, and it's digging into priory and yourself, which is quite funny,

Cameron Moorcroft  3:46  
yeah, I mean, so that we don't waste much time. I mean, it's the evening, we'll just get straight into, okay, maybe some of the, some of the questions. And I guess what I was thinking is maybe do this initial call, if it goes well, then we don't maybe need to do another shoot. But maybe, if it, if we can do it, maybe we'll do a shoot in in live, maybe in a consultation room, or something along those lines, if you're up for that. And also maybe discuss an opportunity to get there next week to shoot it, or you get the robot, and then, by all means, we can probably shoot after robot. I know that you said it's absolute chaos at the minute. So it's a little bit,

Prab Channa  4:30  
it's a little bit messier than I would like the pharmacy at the moment. I feel like you wouldn't see it in its best light. We can do some choice shots and edit out some of the, you know, the missing parts. So, yeah, yeah,

Cameron Moorcroft  4:45  
just do some, like, close ups of like, Spencer's hands, or using Titan, something like that. So yeah, that would be awesome, and I really appreciate it cool. Yeah. So if you wouldn't mind when I asked the question, if you could answer it with the question, as opposed to just being like, yeah, that's what we do. Such as, if I asked you, you know, did you eat a pack of Chris today? If you went, Yeah, I I ate cheese and onion crisps today.

Cameron Moorcroft  5:14  
My best way of framing,

Prab Channa  5:16  
I need to, I need to fit part of the did you send me the questions

Cameron Moorcroft  5:20  
I didn't in the end, I have, I think, I think that you will be absolutely fine, though, like it's literally a question. I think that it's questions that you would know off the bat. All

Prab Channa  5:33  
right, okay, answer the question with the question in it. That's what you're asking me to do. Yes, yeah,

Cameron Moorcroft  5:38  
essentially, such as, we'll give it a go. Let's see how we go. Yeah, so I've seen NHS data showing you're regularly doing like over 10,000 items a month. Does that sound right? Or

Prab Channa  5:54  
yeah, we're currently sitting just under 16,000 when I bought the pharmacy in 2021, it was only doing 1000 items, so we've had really phenomenal growth in that time period, which is, you know, you know, after thank really tight until that's allowed me to kind of scale and grow and grow into the space. I was very, very fortunate when I bought the pharmacy because Tariq actually helped me with the design and the layout to help me kind of maximize Titan and the workflow, and that's really helped me in good stead, actually, all the way through as the businesses continue to grow, Tariq was right, and our plan has worked, and I've grown into the space. So, yeah, it's been a good journey so far.

Cameron Moorcroft  6:42  
Yeah, so was that back in 2019

Prab Channa  6:47  
pharmacy? I now I bought that pharmacy in 2021 I think it was, yeah, 2019 2021 I can't remember now,

Cameron Moorcroft  6:58  
so priory must have been going before that. Oh,

Prab Channa  7:02  
yeah. So the pharmacy had been under the same ownership for about, I think he told me 40 years in that time period, I believe the previous owner had a couple of shops, and then was basically at retirement. Was this sort of, you know, letting this pharmacy tick along. And he was quite happy doing, you know, the little bit that he did, but he thought that the time was right for him to sell. And I found out, and so I won't quit.

Cameron Moorcroft  7:29  
Yeah, awesome. Yeah, good for you. Do you know whether when he was using it? So obviously, you obviously adopted Titan really early on, yeah. And so do you know whether that what they were using before? So

Prab Channa  7:45  
I took so I had another pharmacy beforehand. That's probably why you may be thinking back in 2019 so we were originally customer number two, which I'm really proud of. But everyone, I think, at Team Titan, forgets because you're not number one. You see no one remembers second place. But anyway, so yeah, but at this pharmacy, I knew straight away I didn't want the current PMR that they had. And actually made sure it was in my sales contract to say that I will not be taking on this PMR. So as soon as you know, we exchanged and the deal was done. Literally took out the old pro script PC, and we dump that around the back and tight went in straight away. And from day one, we just started with that.

Cameron Moorcroft  8:27  
Yeah, awesome, yeah. I literally they had to pay out the contract. Then, in order, I

Prab Channa  8:33  
put it in, but I given him a very good offer so on.

Cameron Moorcroft  8:39  
Don't worry. Anything like that won't be going in

Cameron Moorcroft  8:44  
that's more just me, just spit ball,

Cameron Moorcroft  8:49  
yeah, obviously, the item quantity that you do is quite substantial. Would what would you say helps maintain that kind of volume day to day? What,

Prab Channa  9:01  
in terms of how I got the business, or

Cameron Moorcroft  9:04  
in terms of, in terms of the amount of items that you do a month, is, obviously, it's, it's above the UK average, based off the data that I found. So I guess the question is sort of probing into what would you say allows you to maintain that high volume at ease?

Prab Channa  9:27  
I think it's fully utilizing the Titan ecosystem that is basically what allows me to do what I do. I often have people come visit the pharmacy, and I like to show them how I work and to show them Titan, and they're just amazed how I can take an hour or an hour and a half out my day and have a conversation with them and not be disturbed. And that allows me to kind of think a little bit more about the business. But it's definitely through utilizing, you know, all the different apps and things that Titan have, that's what's allows me to sort of maintain the volume. So my, my biggest, I guess, you know, the biggest thing I love about Titan is probably batch flow. We use that constantly in the space in pharmacy, I can have up to five batch flows going simultaneously with up to, I think the largest space can allow for 30 sort of patients in a space. Lot of pharmacy aren't that fortunate to have that much room to do that, and that's allows us to sort of maintain our volume, you know, using Titanic. Well, it's not called Titan X anymore. Titan AI keeps the prescriptions flowing through so that, you know, the staff aren't waiting for me anymore to sort of clinically check them. And the new version has been amazing. So it's going to be really, really good when it's released to the sort of wider sort of Titan community, which is helping doing the final testing on that at the moment. And I think the level of integration is Titan has, and that was really what was quite unique about the PMR, because a lot of them have been very closed off systems. Didn't have many integrations, and Titan really pushed that. So we have a number of integrations with eMAR providers, and that allows us to sort of give more like a more proactive service, without sort of, you know, hampering our own workflow. And I think that's how we sort of maintain and Carol, what we do? Yeah,

Cameron Moorcroft  11:22  
amazing. I mean, you've literally just rattled through four of my questions. So that's no in a really, in a really good way. I mean, the the questions are, literally, if I walked into my dispensary, into your dispensary, during a busy hour, what would I notice? And you literally said, Oh, you would notice that, you know, I've got an hour hour free. Next one was, what parts of Titan are essential into how you work? Batch, and then the next one, which was your favorite feature. So, yeah, you That's amazing, yeah? Really handy, really useful information. Nice one. So I've got this here, but to be honest again, it's you sort of answer. Can you talk me through how prescription flows through your through your pharmacy, from script to hand out, but to be honest, in a way you sort of did, but yeah, I mean, another way of maybe asking is, does it seem like a seem streamlined process?

Prab Channa  12:25  
Yeah, definitely. Because what I had with my previous PMR was Mr. Jones would come into the pharmacy say, you know, I'd look up on the system, yes, I have received a prescription for him. Then I would look at this old box file, which is data. Look through this file, is this prescription in there? Oh, no, it's not in there. Okay, so have got a prescription for Mister Jones, but it's not here. That means it's not ready for collection, right? That means, then that I need to now go and look on. You know, the prescriptions being done? Oh, his prescription is being done, but it's not there either. Okay, so he must have a knowing so his prescription must be over there. So we got, we're tight, and you get rid of all that like at any point because of the Kanban board sort of format that it follows, you know what stage in the dispensing process you are at. And it's really, really easy for staff to understand. I always tell them when I'm training new members of staff, the aim of the game is to get whatever's from the left hand side to the right hand side. And it's as simple as that, and people get it. And that's how, you know, we, I feel we are fairly, fairly organized pharmacy, because we're just borrowing that workflow. So everything kind of comes straight from spine. If it can go through the AI, great. If it doesn't quick clinical check, then we're straight into our usual processes. And, you know, we get patients coming in and collecting, like, so fast, because obviously, when we're using Titan mobile and we're filing away, you know, they're getting that instance or text message, or they're getting an email to tell them. So some people have been like, oh, just walking the dog, yeah. And, you know, I've just had my text message like, yeah, great, here's your prescription. And I think that's really important, because that was an issue I used to find previously, like people come collect their things in a timely fashion, but now we find even that sort of turns over quite quickly as well. So yeah, it's all it all helps

Cameron Moorcroft  14:09  
that's incredible. As a customer. He literally, the other day we have in our Sunday roast at my family house, and my dad's like, asked me, he thinks that I know everything about pm, about pharmacy. Now he's like, Why does it take so long? Why does it take so long? And I go, Well, now, like, as if, like, I'm doing an ad. Like, well, now it's like, PMI, but it is actually a frustration. I think it is generally something that's it's a frustration for people coming in. But it must be incredibly frustrating for us. Yeah, I had,

Prab Channa  14:44  
I had a member of staff the other day go to out of hours. Unfortunately, I had an issue. I had to go get some painkillers, and had to go to just another local pharmacy that was open late night, and the guy was like to come back in half an hour. And she looked around. I thought, there's only two people here in front of me and like, what the hell? Why doesn't it go telephone? She almost felt like saying to me, Oh, I just let me go behind the counter. I just dispensed it myself. Yeah,

Cameron Moorcroft  15:13  
as if you don't have to do anything, yeah.

Prab Channa  15:15  
So I think that's part of the problem. You know, you've got these old systems with archaic workflow, and that's what's holding, you know, a lot of pharmacy

Cameron Moorcroft  15:23  
back. Yeah, so when you first took on Titan, did you see it as a risk or being the second user?

Prab Channa  15:35  
I was definitely felt it was a little bit of a risk, but I was also really excited, because what I really appreciated was Tariq and Wahid. They invited me and said, you know whom? So they all invited me down to Bristol, and I got to have a conversation with like, What is the vision? You know, where do they see this going? And I really thought, actually, this is going to be a real game changer, and something I really want to do part of. And I'd worked with them for a long time through, you know, Atlas and things like this. I thought, yeah, I really want to be part of this. It's really exciting, and I feel like that now, a little bit with Titan versus a new platform that they're going to launch, I think that's going to be really exciting, another huge game changer, and it's going to disrupt the services market. So, yeah, I mean, it possibly could have been a risk, but, you know, I felt, yeah, happy and comfortable to take it, you know, and they'd been really open about everything, which is really good, I guess.

Cameron Moorcroft  16:30  
What's interesting there as well is the fact that you felt like you were involved through the process. So as someone who was going to be using, and obviously, those guys are basically, it's basically pharmacy. Pharmacy making it for pharmacy, isn't it? But obviously you felt as if you were part of the process and felt considered throughout

Prab Channa  16:51  
that. Yeah. I mean, there have been really good actually, about that. So especially when we give feedback on certain features and things that they do, take it on board, and I think that's what makes them different. By the PMRs, they're quite agile, they listen, and that is what I guess, has allowed them to grow and be the success that they are. Yeah,

Cameron Moorcroft  17:11  
obviously, a minute ago we were talking about services. We briefly touched on that just a minute ago. Obviously you offer flu, travel, weight loss, BP, sexual health, that's a pretty wide range. I don't know if you're considering adopting more. And I guess, how do you make the space for all that alongside the high volume dispensing?

Prab Channa  17:38  
I probably am not the main model for that, I still feel like I'm finding my feet a little bit for some of the services as we continue to grow, because I have grown quite quickly, I feel like I'm still in that phase. But lot of my other services are like established, like we're very well known for doing it, micro suction, for example. Our weight loss service has really taken off with the boom and all the sort of advertising about these sort of drugs. But I think for me, the next stage is we're getting actually checking dispenser, which we're sort of getting in place to sort of further free up my time, even though I'm checking very little now, if I can reduce that further, that then gives me more scope to purely focus on the service side. And yeah, it's something I would like to offer more varied type of services. So even like cry therapy, and there's some people are doing, like skin tag removal, removal and things like this, this is where I see myself heading more and more. But dispensing is still critical to the business and very important. But actually, Titan has made sure that, you know, I don't need to be part of that process for it to still be successful. And that's kind of where where we're heading now,

Cameron Moorcroft  18:50  
seeing as we have sort of touched on the robotic side, I would sort of jump into some of those sort of aligned questions. So

Cameron Moorcroft  18:59  
where are things with the is the Meditech?

Prab Channa  19:02  
Yeah, so we elected to go with Meditech because, well, originally, I'll be totally honest, I felt that the robots were pretty rubbish that I'd seen. I felt that Titan, with its batch flow process, was actually far superior, because we also use an early version of stock control in our pharmacy. So we have picking bins all lined up and all bar coded. So when we get a batch flow sheet, it doesn't say, go alphabetically. It goes by most used drug, and it will say, you know, go to EO five, get four torco statin, and then EO six might have, you know, met result in it. So it's all all over the place. And you know, our picking was incredibly fast, but unfortunately, well, so unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately. Because the national minimum wage is rising, all our costs are rising, but the pharmacy contract is not really improved or offered that much more. I if I continue to grow. I felt that I couldn't follow that process, you know, you know, all the time, because then I feel like I was growing and earning more money, but then I was having to put member staff in to kind of maintain that. And then, you know, it felt like a catch 22 so I started looking again about two years ago, on and off, like, you know, what could be a solution for this. Then I saw the Meditech and I really liked their channel technology, the fact that it didn't rely on fixed channels, and it was really fast and very robust machine. And after they seeing it in action, it really sort of blew me away. And I thought actually, this could slot in really neatly with Titan, and you know how it works. And straight away, those guys have been really receptive, and they've introduced some really, like, clever features. So for example, we now have in batch flow. We have single basket mode. And what that means is, as you start to dispensing for patient one, and as you start scan the first product, patient two gets sent straight away to the robot and comes out. So by the time the dispenser finished bagging the next patient's queued up and it's ready to go. So, you know, they said they've got more things coming down the pipeline, which is really good. So, you know, I felt confident that I could continue to grow, maintain my team and, you know, deliver a better service. So that's kind of why we've gone down this road.

Cameron Moorcroft  21:21  
Yeah, I guess again, you're smashing it really. So one of the questions here, and I mean, it's pretty appropriate right now, but do you see the robot as a major shift, or more, a natural extension of what you've already built? And I guess in ways, has Titan allowed it to be a smooth

Prab Channa  21:45  
Yeah, I think that you

Prab Channa  21:47  
with any change, you got to be prepared for disruption to your workflow, and we've got to be accepting that how we did things before it may not be quite the same, but I really like the fact you know how Titan has got, like, a very good integration. With with Meditech, and how it's going to work together, and how they want to do more in the future, to give a give a better experience. So I think it's more of a next step and an extension, rather than it being, you know, a huge fundamental change. And that's what I liked,

Cameron Moorcroft  22:21  
yeah, yeah. I mean, right now is pretty chaotic out there, isn't it? Like with government changes and also, like, short, starting in your sort of industry, right? There's not actually, yeah. So

Prab Channa  22:38  
to find good people is very difficult. I'm I'm very lucky. I have a really great team. I'm very blessed. So, you know, I cannot really complain too much, but yeah, it is hard to find good people, and it took me a long time to find some of these guys and get them on board. But you know, my aim is to try and look after them, and hopefully they don't look after the business. So that's kind of my ethos there.

Cameron Moorcroft  23:01  
Yeah, I mean, so some of the other questions that I've got is, how's your team over the years, or maybe new people that have come in that maybe works elsewhere. Or have you ever, do you ever have what they called loticum? Or, I can't remember what locums and stuff locums? Do you ever have them come in and so, yeah, I've had

Prab Channa  23:24  
a few locals in the past that have found the system, particularly in the early days, like very worrisome, like the fact that the pharmacists don't feel as in control and they're abdicating responsibility, or they understand how, you know, barcoding is far, far safer than you know, me looking at a box and making sure that it's okay, like a human can make a mistake, but you know, our process is so robust, like, you know, you're scanning a 2d bar code is checking, you know, is this the right you know, Is this our product in date, is even the right product? Right? We've got peeler peeler labels. So, you know, they only print one label at a time. So you scan one box, stick the label on that box, so you know you're not going to get transposed labels. And when we bag, we also scan the label. We scan the box to make sure the right labels on the right box for the right patient going in the right bag. So when I explain that to the pharmacy, so like, what value are you adding? Now, by looking at this again, like, you know you're adding no value here. And as soon as you sign up, put it like that, people kind of understood it really early on in 2019 after we introduced Titan, we had a GPC inspection, and it's the only thing I got I've ever been rated good for slightly because I actually put it out. But you know, you know, we've adopted a new IT system, and it's a lot safer. We're trying to sort of be more innovative with things. And that was really nice to hear. So they were quite sort of receptive. And I explained, oh, why are we not signing a box anymore that, right? Well, you know, let me pull out this audit data for everything that's happened for this prescription. You can see so much more rich information about this prescriptions journey than me just giggling in a box. So, you know, it takes time, I think, to educate people, particularly when I've had dispensers coming from different pharmacy over to our pharmacy, is a bit of a culture change, but the system is quite intuitive, and that seems to pick it up fairly quickly. So,

Cameron Moorcroft  25:12  
yeah, so you'd say that people adapt to it quite quickly. I

Prab Channa  25:16  
think in particularly my pharmacy, they have to, because I'm always trying new things and new technology, and it's one of the things I say in my interview. So if you're not comfortable with potentially things changing on a week by week basis, then this is not the place for you, because we're always, you know, testing something new for those guys. So

Cameron Moorcroft  25:32  
yeah, yeah, that's cool. Now let's see what else we got here. This is probably the first time that I've done stuff like this. By the way, I've done a lot of editing videos and stuff, but not the more, you know, probing question, journalistic side of things, so you're

Prab Channa  25:49  
coming across like you do this all the time. So yeah, well, that's alright, yeah,

Cameron Moorcroft  25:55  
yeah, cool. Let me see what I've got here. So what would surprise someone if they shadowed your team for a day? Yeah, what I mean, would it? No, I don't think that's a great question. Would anything surprise, you know, someone if they did shadow your team for a day, if maybe they never seen Titan before, and they come in and I guess you've already answered it with the barcode scanning. That's the thing is, you know, I think that that does take people by surprise, isn't it, when they come in and they see that you're doing things differently to maybe how things have been done time and time before.

Prab Channa  26:29  
One pharmacy once, when I was showing of Titan, said I was like the caveman seeing five first time, really? That really tickled me, actually, but I think it's the fact that I let the team work fairly autonomously, use their judgment, you know, if they've got a problem, they know to come to me, but it allows them to kind of, you know, use their own brains and work independently, and empowers them a little bit as well. So, you know, I can go back to working in a normal pharmacy. I think had I not been part of a journey like this, I think my professional career would be very different, and I probably may not be doing this right now.

Cameron Moorcroft  27:09  
Amazing. Yeah. I mean, the next question was, actually, has anything shifted in how team communicates or flows through tasks? But again, so yeah, but you wouldn't notice a change, because you sort of had it for so long now, right? Yeah.

Prab Channa  27:25  
I, I mean, when we introduced, like, new functionality and Titan, then we do see a little bit of change, like when we started using repeat flow, that was, that was a real big game changer for us. So really made managing the Doss patients a lot, lot easier, because before, like, we had patients that were weekly, which requests for them every week, you know, we were able to automate that task. And then that freed up that person to kind of focus and work on something else. So it's all these little things that are, is what adds up to, you know, the big sort of changes. So, you know, sometimes it's just been able to access, uh, patients medical records from the patient flyer and Titan before my old PMR, I used to have to go and copy and paste their NHS number into the NHS website to pull out the information. And, okay, yeah, you're only saving a few clicks. But when you're doing that every day, you're probably saving a lot of hours over the year. I don't know. I've never tried to quantify it, but you know, yeah, it's these small, incremental things that make a big difference, I think as well.

Cameron Moorcroft  28:30  
Yeah, I think that is it, and that's one of the things I think that they need to maybe adopt and take on board. I know it's expensive to do, but actually, how much time things are being saved and how much faster things actually are compared to other things? I guess. On that note, would you say that, you know, how much faster would you say that this system is just off the top of your head? Like, how much faster would you say this system is compared to other systems that you

Prab Channa  29:01  
I personally think if I was doing this volume with another PMR, I would probably need three or four members staff, at least, maybe like I've seen, I had someone come visit me to see Titan, and they were like, had slightly less volume than me, but we had two pharmacists. So, you know, it's your you know, I'm able to run my team leanly, but also in a safe manner, which I think is really sort of crucial in this day and age.

Cameron Moorcroft  29:30  
Yeah, no, great, no, and that's perfect. That's gold dust for me. Really what you just said, I guess one of the things that I've actually not written about, but I did really appreciate when I was reading up pharmacy is you got, like, solar panels?

Prab Channa  29:45  
Yeah. So not that I am a, you know, some sort of, you know, sustainable nut, but, like, I do think it's important also from a business sort of standpoint. So we were lucky enough to win sustainable pharmacy the year in 2023 and basically put solar panels on the roof of the pharmacy. We put a Tesla power wall in the back. And in the summer, we are totally off the grid, like I use no power. And you know, we are now on 98 or 97% paperless. So, you know, these are all really incredible things is, not only does it insulate the business from, you know, outside factors, like when the war top Ukraine and energy prices went up, but actually, you know, you're not hit by the brunt of that, but you're also doing a really good thing for the environment, and setting the example in the community of actually, you can do business And, you know, in a sustainable way, and it doesn't have to cost you, like, I believe, actually, the payback is going to be in six or seven years, and I'm planning to be at this pharmacy for a long time to come. So, you know, for me, it's, I think that's a really great, you know, return on investment. Yeah,

Cameron Moorcroft  30:55  
I mean, here I've got, you've got, I actually did write it down, but I've got, you've got solar panels, you're paperless. What does, what does being a digital first pharmacy actually mean to you? I mean, is that, does that lean into it as well? You know, being like leaning into the digital side of things, running nimbly. I mean, it all sort of runs into I mean, I like

Prab Channa  31:19  
to think we do things because it because there's a benefit. I don't think we like, I'm not digital for the sake of it. Like, everything that I've done has to sort of fit in. And we were at the pharmacy business conference the other day, and they were working where they were talking about interoperability. You know, everything needs to link and move together. And I think I like to think the things that I've done do that, and the things that don't, I'm just waiting on, widen character, sort of finish the thing and bring out. And you know, hopefully you'll work on that with them in the future. So

Cameron Moorcroft  31:56  
cool, I guess. Yeah, what's, what is your focus for the next 12 months, more growth, more services smoother. I My main

Prab Channa  32:06  
focus is really getting my services to be a bit more consistent. We have months where we've done a lot of travel, and then it goes really quiet, or, you know, had a real huge surge of interest in weight loss. And then, you know, want to kind of have it so it's a bit more steady. And, you know, I need to start advertising and doing a lot more utilizing, like I'm an independent prescriber. I need to start utilizing that, you know, in a much more, you know, consistent manner. So that's one reason why we wanted to bring the robot in, that with Titan, I want to sort of totally finally dissociate myself from dispensing process so I can focus on these other other things. So yeah, I mean, more growth is great, but actually, I would really like to see that growth being in our services next. And I'm hoping with Titan verse, we'll be able to do that as Titans lab to grow like this. I'm sure, you know, their service module will do the same.

Cameron Moorcroft  33:04  
Yeah, I guess also, the other thing is, probably, do you think that the the robot will probably support that?

Prab Channa  33:11  
Yeah, definitely.

Prab Channa  33:14  
I mean, the staff will no longer be having to spend time putting stock away, you know, having a much clearer view of what stop we have on hand. Hopefully we can be a bit more efficient and not have as many Owings and that kind of thing. So once again, it all has to kind of link together and work together so we can move business forwards. Because if you're if you're standing still, you're going backwards. I think you always gotta be trying to push forward on something. Do

Cameron Moorcroft  33:41  
you think that part of the issue with, say, the the service side, is actually due to demand, then as much, as much as to do with the facilities?

Prab Channa  33:56  
I think I'm in a really

Prab Channa  33:58  
good area like orkington, is a fairly affluent area in the world, so I think there is a lot more opportunity there. I think because I have grown so quickly, it's it hasn't been my sole focus. That's probably something bit remiss on my part, and as a business, you know, trying to sort of manage all those different moving parts, probably something I personally could do better on reflection. But I think sometimes also the software has held me back a little bit. Not having confidence in the current tools that I'm using has probably made me a little bit more hesitant and cautious. You know, it's taken me a long time to kind of make my templates on the other system that we use for doing our private services and our work. So there's been a bit of a learning curve on that, on that front as well, but I'm really confident now that we can push this forward in a much, much bigger way, especially when we've got the integrations with time burst linking into my customer data in Titan, that's going to really allow me to kind of offer a much, much better service. So, yeah,

Cameron Moorcroft  35:04  
cool. I mean, yeah, it's your business. You can.

Prab Channa  35:09  
You always look back. I think you could do slightly better, I suppose. So,

Cameron Moorcroft  35:13  
yeah, if you weren't doing that, then you're probably just ignorant, right? Yeah, yes. So this word, actually looked back and went, Yeah, I've been perfect. The outside there is questionable, isn't it? Yeah, that's true. So I've just got last few questions here, and then we'll we could call it a day to be honest. And then maybe we could just chat about an appropriate time next week where I could come over shoot so if you had to sum up how your pharmacy runs in one sentence, what would it be?

Prab Channa  35:49  
Oh, you said that the hardest question to last.

Prab Channa  35:55  
How does my pharmacy run?

Cameron Moorcroft  35:58  
By the way, not everything's, you know, they're gonna make the cut, or you don't have to worry about what you know, how you say, it doesn't really matter. It's all good.

Prab Channa  36:12  
So I can only say it's efficient, it's safe, and we're able to buy the more patient centric kind of pharmacy. That's all I can really say, thanks to Titan

Cameron Moorcroft  36:26  
gold dust. Would it be fair to say we do over 10,000 10,500 items a month with no robot and no chaos. Oh,

Prab Channa  36:37  
yeah, 100% I mean, well, we're doing even more than that, aren't we? We're doing nearly 16 so can you

Cameron Moorcroft  36:44  
answer that by saying we wouldn't,

Cameron Moorcroft  36:51  
in a way where it's like it would be fair to say,

Cameron Moorcroft  36:55  
and then, you know, it would be fair to say, we would do over 10,000 items a month with no robot and no chaos, and then, you know? But I

Prab Channa  37:06  
feel like it's gotten to my head now, right? I'm straight. I'm going to blink twice, you know, I'm being held to ransom. Yeah, no, I would definitely say, yeah. It's fair to say that. You know, we wouldn't be able to do the 10,000 items that we're doing now without Titan the pharmacy is is really organized. It's not chaotic at all. And I'm able to go home and not be stressed and worried about what I've done during my day to day.

Cameron Moorcroft  37:34  
You're amazing. I should I should have definitely not sent you these questions, because trying to think of stuff this late in the day, but there you go. It's a learning curve for me as well. So, but no, honestly, man, you've you've done so well so far. Literal gold dust for Titan. So I guess the last question is, what's the single biggest thing that Titan has changed for you and or your team.

Prab Channa  38:04  
For me, on a personal level, it's

Prab Channa  38:09  
given me a bit more

Prab Channa  38:10  
professional fulfillment, because I can focus more on services and be, as I said, more patient centric. But I think it gave me my work life balance back. Because, you know, if I was this busy and I had an old PMI, I probably wouldn't be talking to you now. I'd still be checking baskets back in the pharmacy. So, yeah, I would say that. So, you know, it's been a real privilege to be in part of this journey with the with them. Yeah, yeah.

Cameron Moorcroft  38:39  
Great. No. Thank you so much. That is it for the questions. I guess what I'm going to go away and do is sort of look at what we've got, see if there's any missing, missing gaps, and then maybe, maybe revisit it in person. But I appreciate the you know you're tight on timing and you're probably busy in the day.

Prab Channa  39:03  
I mean, I, I have double cover on Wednesdays. I have where, where are you based? Sorry, I don't know where

Cameron Moorcroft  39:11  
you are. I'm just next to reading, so like, an hour away though, next week, I am actually in Bristol for the whole week, but I'm I can drive wherever, so Well,

Prab Channa  39:25  
it's up to you next week. I you know if you can do an afternoon or something, if you wanted to come from anything, you're more than welcome. The week after, that's when the installation is happening. So you won't be able to film anything. It's going to be really crazy. And then, obviously, after that the farms, they look very different. You're not going to see all that the shelves have got up with all the batch flow space and things keeping one of those sections so you could do more filming there of batch flow and the dispensing, I suppose. But like, you're more than welcome whenever. So,

Cameron Moorcroft  39:58  
so, yeah, Wednesday. So Wednesday afternoon is like a decent time next week? Yeah,

Prab Channa  40:04  
I believe. So I will let you know if anything to come up or have to do anything else, because Wednesday says I normally sort of pop in and out of the pharmacy, but I'm pretty sure I'm going to be there near enough all day because of just getting ready for the following week.

Cameron Moorcroft  40:18  
Cool. And do you think everyone will be comfortable with me sort of filming? And, yeah,

Prab Channa  40:24  
it's fine. I told them all they, you know what, at one time, I didn't tell them someone was coming, and they all got upset because they wanted to sort of make sure they dress smart and things like this, and put makeup on and and that kind of thing. So yeah, I think they'll be okay as long as they give them, like, 24

Cameron Moorcroft  40:39  
hours notice. Yeah, great. All right, that's, that's good news. That's nice to hear, that they'll feel comfortable because I haven't been on a shoot in a little while, so I might be a little bit rough around the edges myself. So, yeah, cool. Yeah. I really look forward to coming to meet you in person, and thank you for taking that time like I said, you've, you know, provided gold dust. And it might be that we sit down again, like, do it, like, do the questions again. And we sort of had a bit of, you know, a test run here. But the thing is, is you've done it so well. Now, if we did it in person, you know, I don't know if I'll be able to replicate it. Yeah, I've screen recorded this just to let you know, and had notes and transcripts taken so you know, if it comes to it and it just works, we'll just run with this, because it keeps things lean anywhere, and then we'll just sort of interject some shots from the day using Titan, and every shot. All right, man. No

Prab Channa  41:45  
worries. All right. Lovely, thank you. Have a good evening. Yeah, you'd say bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
