Speaker 1  0:00  
Hi, my name is Rahul Puri, and I'm the superintendent pharmacy pharmacist at Puri pharmacy in Southall and Hillingdon. Hi, my name is Rahul Puri and I'm the superintendent pharmacist at Puri pharmacy in Southall and Hillingdon. We're an independent, family owned pharmacy in the heart of Southall and Hillingdon. For the last 40 years, we're doing approximately 18,000 items across both branches in Southall and Hillingdon. Over at South Wale, approximately 13,000 items, and our hillingham branch approximately 15,000 items. And this is split across walk in patients, dosset patients, repeat dispensing, and all aspects of the pharmacy business. Every time and every day is a busy period, and that is probably synonymous with most pharmacy owners and pharmacy members of staff. But the key thing for us is that we have structured activity. There's no such thing as chaos here. It's all structure. So if you were to come into the pharmacy, you will see the phones ringing. You will see customer customer assistants on the counter supporting patients with their titan EDOs, supporting patients where to find their medication, supporting them on a range of minor ailments. And if you come through into the pharmacy, you'll see our team who are structured, understanding the task or what they're doing, whether it be dispensing, labeling, checking, preparing, dossets and our pharmacy team doing pharmacy first consultations, NHS consultations, and also a wide range of private services. So it's always a busy pharmacy. It's the key beauty that I love about pharmacy, how it is always busy, but what you'll see here at Puri pharmacy is structure, collaboration, communication and an environment that is developed to flourish. So we've got two branches here. We have one, what we call our flagship branch, our original branch, which was developed here around about 42 years ago at Southall, which we have two pharmacists here, myself and one of my other colleagues, and we also have our other branch in Hillingdon, which has been in the community for just under 40 years, but we have one pharmacist. My key role is to oversee the business and the pharmacy as a whole, but I kind of spend my time across both branches, supporting the pharmacy team here two things, structure and the system. I can't rave enough about Titan and how well the system is developed to create both the structure in your pharmacy when it is busy. If we go into the Titan system, everything is clearly visible on each screen, wherever it's be from the inbox when you receive a prescription, all the way to the end for the handout, everyone can see where the prescription is. No one is frantically looking for paper. We've become a paper free pharmacy. Nobody is searching for medicine and where the bag is, because everything is on a computer screen. Every computer that you go to, everyone has the same screen, which therefore means that, as an owner and a pharmacist, I can delegate effectively to all of my staff members, which fully embodies the structure and systems that Titan is so good at, and that's how we thrive in the pharmacy. It may always be busy, but it's never chaotic. So Titan core, repeat flow and Titan aI have been revolutionary in our pharmacy. Not only has it mean meant that we can provide a much faster, safer and effective service, it's completely transformed the way that we work as a pharmacy team. Now we can delegate tasks in a far easier way. Our pharmacist is confident when using Titan AI to clinically screen and verify prescriptions under their supervision. And if you're running a pharmacy with multiple services, whether it be private and NHS, you want not only the peace of mind, but also correct systems in place so that you don't come back into your dispensary with baskets left, right and center, and also walking to what feels like a war zone. Now our pharmacy team, although they're always busy, can be confident that the system allows them and the wider team to provide the most effective service that we can do. And other PMR providers weren't able to match this or get anywhere near it. The repeat flow system has been great. We serve a wide population of patients who are on MDs, so dosset boxes, and also patients which we routinely order for in the older archaic systems, we had to manually do this, lots of paper, lots of pens, scribbling things down, grabbing a diary. I'm sure all of this can resonate with you, but now we've tightened repeat flow. We press one button, and it does it for us, having the AI features with Titan has completely revolutionized the way that we can run our pharmacy, and now this is the base level for us. Our future plans is to increase the work that we do, but not feel stretched, because the Titan system has already allowed us to have that great baseline. Titan's SMS feature has allowed us to text patients seamlessly. When the bag is ready for a patient, it simply goes on to a shelf or a tote and the message is sent directly to the patient. Not only has this freed up so much time for our staff, they can now focus on other tasks rather than needlessly sending SMSs to patients, the benefit is that a patient will receive a message, typically within a few hours of us receiving a prescription, and they can come to us with a QR code or a message identifying what's in their bag and also the medication that's ready for collection. This has made our life much easier, and the patient satisfaction is through the roof once prescription comes through on the spine, it's immediately visible on the screen when. Looking for a piece of paper and frantically looking for things lying around. Where is this? Where is that? It's all visible on a screen. Once it's on the screen, our pharmacist, maybe myself, one of my colleagues, will clinically screen this, and obviously we're going to be using Titan AI to support this, with this as well during the busy times. Once that's done, our team will simply look at the screen, print off their picking list and get to work now we can get multiple baskets and grab our stock and dispense things in a much faster, more safer and more effective way than we did with some of the older, archaic systems where we're frantically looking for, where is the prescription, where is the label, and there's baskets everywhere. Everything is structured and it's seamless. Now when it's dispensed, our team will get it checked via the Titan AI system, so that we know what they've dispensed is not only safe, but accurate. It's then bagged, and then boom, it's sent via text to the patient they know to collect their medicines. Not only has this whole system meant that we can do things much easier and more seamless, patients are collecting their medicines far earlier, and we're actually looking for more work to do. Okay? It starts with separating out the clinical and the dispensary tasks, and Titan manages the dispensary. Now I'm not glued to the bench frantically having to check things like a dosset box or a high volume of baskets. I can be assured that I can run my clinical services, whether it be the NHS services, which we do a high volume of, such as pharmacy first or our private services, whether it be our weight loss clinics or our ear micro suction clinics or our private medical cannabis clinic, I can be assured that Titan and my team are managing the dispensary and the floor, and I can be assured that I can run a safe and effective system now. I don't need to be worried about someone knocking on my door, disrupting a clinical service, or worrying about having to clinically screen something urgently, the system allows for calm and no chaos. We're always going to be busy, but Titan is so great at ensuring that we can separate both our clinical and our dispensary tasks, and it all comes with organization. Yeah, absolutely. Services are everything for us. Since implementing Titan in January 2025 it's freed up at least 20 hours a week for a pharmacist in the pharmacy. This has freed us up purely not being on the bench. We're not having to be there to do checking. We're not having to be there to do particular archaic tasks that we were doing with other providers such as proscript. Now we can offer double the amount of appointments, such as pharmacy first, which lead to better patient and health outcomes and better revenue for an independent business owner. It also means that we can offer more private services, whether that be earwax removal, phlebotomy, travel, vaccine clinics. It gives us the assurity and the confidence that we can offer more services that lead to more revenue and improve our business, when, before we were more just stuck to the bench, frantically checking all day and all day and all day. Quite frankly, that was just a bit boring as well. But the good thing, I think, going from Pro script with your own business structure and delegation and tasks and then adopting, you know, a testosterone roided up system like Titan, with your own structure already in place, it just increases everything in a better way. So all the time, patients will come up to say, I didn't realize a pharmacy offered this service, or I didn't realize pharmacists or pharmacies do this. Pharmacies and pharmacy pharmacy teams have always been regarded just as dispensaries, dispensing medication, labeling and dispensing day after day, hour after hour. Now, with systems like Titan in place, we're super confident in being able to develop, develop, sorry, we're more confident and able to provide services that are far outside. So all the time, patients will comment, I didn't realize a pharmacy or a pharmacist could provide this service, and we've seen this and heard this at both of our branches since we implemented Titan. Now, don't get me wrong, we were offering services before in our branches with systems like proscript, but these were the NHS services which most pharmacies were doing. But now, since implementing Titan, both of our branches, with the time that we've saved and the time that we generated for ourselves, we're confident in delivering a wide range of services. Now, people will come to us for things outside the conventional pharmacy realm, such as they'll come to us for earwax removal, for private medical cannabis, for queries about travel, vaccines. And now people are commenting, I didn't realize a pharmacy could do this. So we're now almost changing our business model from being just a dispensary in a conventional pharmacy to a community health hub. I think I'm in a fortunate position that this is a family run independent pharmacy, so it's always kind of been, I wouldn't say in my DNA, it's a bit cliche, but it's always been around me in my life, and I think

Speaker 1  9:37  
I wouldn't be able to do or we wouldn't be able to what we're planning on doing in this business. If we didn't have a solid foundation for the last 40 years, your reputation is number one. So we have people coming to us because they know that we can provide a great dispensary service or a great service with NMSS or consultations or our counter staff can talk to patients about conditions. Now we're kind of used that as building. Like one, and now, with the reputation, we can look at and be like, you know, we can do what we want as long as we provided like a really thorough clinical service. There's nothing stopping us from completely changing the way that pharmacies are regarded and what you can do in a pharmacy. I mean, my ideal goal in mind would be that you would walk into a pharmacy as if it's like an Apple Store, and there's the Genius Bar, and you're just talking to people, and you have tech, and you can look at Health Insights and really turn pharmacy not into just the providing of medication that will always be there, but turn it into a full, holistic diagnostic hub. And I think that's in my mind of what I want to do in the future. It's kind of what I see healthcare should be and if we can go down the route of the preventative, rather than the treatment, that's like the model that I think pharmacy could go down. And I think that drive has come from me, wanting to see me. I guess I was probably looking for that in other places. Oh, I want to go here for this, check that trajectory. Well, we've got the base here. Why don't we, over time, start to develop those services? In maybe 510, 20 years time, we can create a service which is a full blown Holistic Health solution, a community health hub in the heart of Southall and Hillingdon. And I think my drive with this business is based on the fact that we've got a great reputation here. We're doing great work at the moment, and let's add further things on, and listen to our community. What do they like? We know that our ear health clinic does really, really well. Our pharmacy first service does really well, and our independent prescribing service does really well as well. So we know that there's demand in the area. We know people trust us, and we're just going to build upon that as well. And marketing and doing the SEO kind of things is quite fun, because you have almost a blank canvas to celebrate your business and also see where it goes with it. I also look at other healthcare industries that are doing really well, dentistry, which is quite a large volume of it, is private, and they market themselves in such an incredible way where people will travel an hour to go to their dentist. You look at restaurants up and down London and the UK, some people will travel two hours to go to a restaurant because it's Instagrammable. It's hip, it's fun. Look, pharmacy isn't necessarily sexy like this. You may not drive an hour to go to a pharmacy to pick up a vitamin, but yeah, you may travel to somewhere where they're providing a unique service for your health. They may travel somewhere because they're not going to get a particular level of service or a particular level of care that someone else is offering them. I think if there was something that allowed pharmacists or business owners to understand, you know, the simple things, I think people do get scared with words like SEO and marketing. Sometimes it's just as simple as checking your Google business page. Is your address, there is your telephone details, there your opening hours, there are you showing what you're offering, and then just having a website. I don't know the specific statistics for it, but most people nowadays will go on their phone and Google certain things because it's ease. We're in a convenience generation and a generation where we want things fast and easy, and we want the information as quick as possible. And I think, for pharmacy teams and pharmacy owners, if you understand the basics of how to be digitally visible alongside being, you know, visibly visible, that's the easy part. The harder part is, can people find you in the digital front? And I think if you can start to do a little bit every day or over time and learn it yourself, I think you'll be onto a winner. So it's all about scaling. Titan has given us the almost confidence and ability to actually think with the time that we've become

Unknown Speaker  13:39  
we've Hold on. It's

Speaker 1  13:42  
all about scaling. Next year, Titan at both of our branches has given us the time to be able to offer more services and think better as a business when it comes to revenue and also delivering services that the community are looking for. At the moment we're on we will be undergoing a full renovation at one of our branches, because we simply actually can't accommodate all of the appointments. Titan has given us so much free time that we're offering a wide variety of services. So we need to build bigger we need to implement two or three more consultation rooms so that we can provide more services to our community. Take on more pharmacists, take on more dispensers, to support the growing needs of the community, and also to delve into the digital, telehealth medicine ideas that we have as well to fully look after the wider community. Our true vision within prairie pharmacy is to look after our communities like we have been doing for last 40 years, but also to start thinking about the wider model, supporting patients who are in different parts of the country, whether it comes through our remote, independent prescribing clinics or our weight loss services, and we truly want to embrace AI technology, embrace Titan embrace titanverse, and use all of the tools available at our disposal to build an almost an ecosystem of digital medicine alongside our bricks and mortar. Our business. Being digital first means that everything is systemized and connected. Titan runs our core workflow, and then we supplement it and use other systems available to be even more digitally savvy. Being digital first means that everything is connected and systemized. Titan is our core hub in the pharmacy. It pretty much does the bulk of our dispensing and the bulk of our key pharmacy work. But we don't just stop there. We want to truly embrace digital and the digital space in pharmacy, and that's why we work closely with dem dx to support us with note taking while we work with ACU RX to send messages to the GP surgery and also to the patient, alongside Titan's SMS notification system, we also work with Geli software, which helps us book our patients in for clinics, as well as doing our private, independent pharmacy service as well. So not only are we just using Titan, we're fully tapping into the future of Pharmacy with all of the digital spaces, and we cannot wait for titanverse to come on board as well, which will allow us to really be supercharged as a pharmacy. Two years ago, we were frantically using paper diaries, post it, notes, prescriptions everywhere, scribbling everywhere. And now we're paper free pharmacy, fully embracing the digital space in pharmacy, we're busy, but we're never chaotic. If I could summarize prairie pharmacy in one sentence, I would summarize it as a modern health hub that fully embodies the community healthcare blends clinical care, digital innovation and deep community roots. Okay, if I go back and forth, do I just leave a little gap? Yeah, okay. If I had to summarize prairie pharmacy in one sentence, here's what I would say, a modern health hub that blends clinical care, digital innovation and deep community roots. If someone said to me, go get Titan, what would I say to you? To be honest with you, initially, when I first heard of Titan, I was a bit apprehensive. I thought they were trying to sell me a dream, digital, everything, no paper. And I thought, hold on. All I've ever known in pharmacy, from working in a hospital through to community pharmacy is paper being frantic, being chaotic, pulling your hair out and having a stressful day. And when someone said they could relieve all of this, I thought, you're pulling my leg. But then I went for a site visit, and I realized that the future is Titan. The future of pharmacy is digital. Other industries do it and love it. So why us as pharmacies and pharmacy teams, are we not fully embracing technology such as Titan? After one site visit, I picked up the phone and I ordered the system, I got the equipment, and we haven't looked back since. So if you are apprehensive or thinking about Titan, speak to the Titan team. They're incredible. They'll guide you through everything. They're not salespersons. There are people who are generally committed to the the infrastructure of pharmacy. In the future of pharmacy, Who knows you may come here to see a site visit. We'll be more than happy for you to look and see how we're doing things and join sort of this new era of pharmacies. So in a nutshell, if I was to recommend Titan 100% Titan has given me the freedom to lead from the front, both clinically, commercially and creatively. Absolutely, that's not just simply our tagline. It's the way that we work and the way that we live at Prairie pharmacy, i.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
