Speaker 1  0:00  
So I'm Sagar lungiwala. I'm the owner of Brighton Hill pharmacy. I've been this used to be x boots. So bought business four years ago now, and we saw all the surgeries in the area in terms of items. Currently at the month, we are doing on a on a monthly basis, between 16 to 17,000 items at the pharmacy. The item has grown significantly when I started the pharmacy, when I took over the pharmacy, so we started with 4000 items, and in just about around four years now, we're doing around 17,000 items. So since the beginning of owning the pharmacy, from day one, I had no doubt about it. Titan was the was the PMR, which I had to go for. I would anyone consider any other PMR at the time, that was my go to software, because I saw the Titan PMR, which when I was not owning the pharmacy. I saw it in a pharmacy show, and I came to know about it then. So it was the first software for me to go for, yeah. So I was with, I was with Royce pharmacy before working at the manager in different area. So they had their own software, which was not Titan, yeah. So it was completely different. There was nothing out there like, like Titan PMR at the time. It's using paperless system, which is and it saves time of the pharmacy, which is the main thing. So, you know, even in a busy hour of the pharmacy, I'm sure my team is all calm and collected. You know, we sell one patient at a time with the tight end, PMR, it absolutely helps, because we can exactly track where the prescription is. So my team does feel very comfortable in terms of knowing that where Mrs. Smith prescription if, for example, you know it exactly knows where it is, what stage of the pharmacy it is, whether we have received the prescription or not, whether we have whether at what part of dispensing stage it is at, or whether it's already for collection, if it's ready for collection, it was highlight on the Titan mobile that it's already on the shelf, let's say a one, for example, I will notify us straight away. The main important thing for me is always been, if be up to date, we are dispensing. So we always try to complete all the work, whatever the GP surgeries and list of prescription to finish it same day. And that makes us really easy to serve the patient. Efficiently. So Titan has played a immense role into my pharmacy. The first and foremost is the Titan AI, which get gets me right tools to kind of do my clinical checks as a pharmacist, which saves me time in a bigger picture, so I can provide another, different service at the pharmacy. Secondly, for my team, it is really important, especially on the counter, where my team can exactly track the prescription, whether we have received it or not, and what stage that patient prescription is. So that's really important part of the Titan it plays Cameron board, yeah. So the journey of the prescription is basically the GP will send us a prescription which drops directly into the inbox me, as a pharmacist will run the Titan AI, which will clinically check for me. And then once the clinically check is done, then my dispensers will print the picking label. They'll go off the dispensing if there is no control drugs or no high risk drugs, then the dispenser can back up the prescription, and they can go straight onto the shelf, ready for collection for the patient. And we also sent a text reminder for the patient that the prescription is ready for collection. It is automated. It's all part of the Titan. Yes, pretty much the system. We have it in place. Most of prescriptions are ready for the same day collection, provided the GP surgery sends us the prescription. That's the important part. But me and my team always try to be ahead of the game by keeping it same day collection or delivery. Yeah. So alongside dispensing, my core model of the pharmacy is the services, okay? Because that's the future is. That's the future is. So the way I streamline my whole process is in the morning, first thing I walk in is I do the clinical checks. Okay? For the pharmacy, one step out of the way, probably around 1011, I can then run the services without interrupting my dispensing flow. Okay. Then in between, I haven't got any AC T or ACD in place, so in between, I spend one hour in the afternoon, half an hour to 45 minutes in the dispensary, and just before the close of the play, another half an hour or 45 minutes, whatever the remaining prescriptions, the high risk drugs, the control drugs needs to be checked. I spend only that that much of time in the dispensary. Rest of my time goes into the services, which is like 80% of my time goes into the services. I spent hour in a dispensary, and probably another 45 minutes to an hour just to do my clinical check. So the services my pharmacy offers at the moment is private travel clinic, ear suction, removal, we've got blood pressure monitoring, which is an NHS service, we call contraception service, which is again an NHS service. And. We also do weight loss clinic as well, which is a big part of our private service offering at the moment. And I'm sure there will be more room to grow in future. I might get like, you know, IP on board and roll out some private services. Yeah. So when I was doing my refit recently, which was just completed now, so I had to make sure that I got enough room to grow. So I made two consultation room instead of one consultation room that to grow the services. So had to make sure that it suits my pharmacy and it caters the business needs. Yeah. So in terms of services revenue, of course, when I started, we won't provide any services, as I felt comfortable, I started to roll out more and more services into the pharmacy, into the pharmacy. So we first, I started with private travel clinic, because that was the demand which I saw in the area. So I started rolling out that. And now many patients do recommend us as well. It's word of mouth is such a powerful thing. Also started doing bit of marketing as well to just grab more patients, and that has certainly helped us in generating more revenue. Yeah, so Titan has played a big role in terms of, you know, giving me the time leverage which we all wanted in today's world. It has given me time leverage to do run other services at the pharmacy so all of our patients know the services which we offer. We always, again, try to inform them as much as possible. These are the services we offer. And they're very they're very like, you know, in the O that, oh, we do provide all these services. Most of patient throughout the day, we find that, oh, can I speak to the pharmacist? Can I speak to the pharmacist? Or throughout the day, where me and my team, can you can see if we can help the patient in whatever way possible. So I will install Meditec robot now it's been almost six months into the process. Of course, like anything we install new we will have some sort of glitches or problems. I was the first Titan Meditech robot installation, and in my eye, and in my opinion, it went perfectly smooth. From day one, we were able to dispense the prescription from Titan and Meditech integration. And it has certainly streamlined the process for for for my dispensing team with Meditech and Titan, it greatly, clearly, what we call improves the whole stream process of the dispensing. Because first thing is the Titan PMR is a paperless system which helps us not printing any prescription at all. And with the Meditech robot, the speed of the robot is such a good that we have increased our efficiency significantly than what we were before in the normal dispensing. Yes, I always had a dream to own my own any business. I had a pharmacy background. So of course, that would be the go to business for me to own. It got my family background. We all into business before. Of course, I was with Lloyds pharmacy for six, six and a half years. I was managing the different branches and fixing the branches as well. We want less performing branches for Lloyds pharmacy. So I thought, if I'm doing it for somebody else, I can do it for myself, which was always, always a dream, to own a business. And that's when my journey started to own my pharmacy. It's been four years now owning this pharmacy, and I've significantly grown from 4000 items when I started to have 17, 18,000 items now in a span of four years, which is four fold increase in terms of items. Yeah, so at the moment, I'm a technology guy. I always like to know what, what sort of technology out and about. Always try to play around with all the technologies around. So at the moment, I'm spending my more time in learning AI technologies, how it can work, what our different models are, in terms of AI, and try to see if I can come up with some product design for pharmacy or any other industry. So my focus for the next next few years is, of course, to own another few more pharmacies in the area where I'm based. And the second focus is to, of course, get an IP on board for the pharmacy to drive more services trade my other team members, you know, upscale their skills and knowledge to provide the services again, because that's very important part of the pharmacy. Yeah, so Titan PMR will be, will be the one to go for, for my expanding pharmacies as well. I think it's really important to get the right tools to provide to your team, because that really is the key to to drive the services and the business. And the main thing is it's very easy to learn, you know. And my day one, of my this current pharmacy, I was able to teach my team absolutely from day one, we were nobody, everybody, the whole team was feeling comfortable in terms of dispensing the prescription,

Speaker 1  9:43  
and it just flows, you know, the pharmacy workflow. Yeah. So the first thing would be, of course, to just get the Titan PMR rolled out, just see whether there's a need for Meditech robot or not for that pharmacy, depending on how many items they're doing, and then and take a decision. And then, yeah, well, brighten your pharmacy did from day one, I always mentioned to my team, as well a call we help people out there. You know, no matter what they're here for, to help them out. Ask them what the query is, how can we help them? That's, that's the main motto of me. So to serve the community. So most of our patients are very loyal to us. You know, every day, every single day, we get lots of compliments from the patient, how good we are as a team. All my team members get praises throughout the day, and it's just the whole process. The whole thing is because we try to help patients, we send them text when prescriptions ready for collection, which is pretty much same day, and that just helps that how good we are as a team and as a pharmacy Titan, I pretty much use all the features. Use Titan AI, which is used for clinical checks. We're using repeat flow to order the prescription for some of our Nomad patients, we use what you call Titan mobile, which always helps us to so quickly find a patient on the on the counter and send them text as well, which is easy to look at the prescription, which, using Titan mobile batch flow, is another one, big one, actually. So the batch flow, it really helps us to streamline again, the dispensing process, where we can do single patient mode or multi patient mode. So there are two different modes into the bachelor which helps my team to dispense a prescription batch flow. Does save significant time, of course, with the Meditech robot, it's bit different than the traditional farm pharmacy dispensing. But even with the Meditech robot, it does gives us really it just saves some more time in terms of dispensing, because, let's say, five sec, three, four seconds per patient, it saved that much of time. Titan has overall changed the whole pharmacy workflow for me, in a nutshell, because it is an integral part of how we operate in a pharmacy, and it has significantly helped us to run the pharmacy smoothly so.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
