Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Soon as we saw it in the pharmacy show in 2023 I made it quite clear to the guys that I wanted to be one of the first ones to use it, because that, from our model perspective, allowed us to control so much more. So we've been doing it since the NMS module was the first live module, and it allowed us to be able to centralize that to our head office and make it more efficient. Only one pharmacist needed to be able to complete these everything was in one area. I think the best thing about it is, is the reporting and the statistics. The AI is literally the greatest thing I've ever seen. I couldn't believe in the even in this day and age now, with AI how easy it is to be able to create templates for each and every service. I'm able to create a questionnaire template for a travel vaccination course, while at the same time, I'm able to create ad hoc even when a patient walks through the door, something for weight loss. I'm able to do it for all of my pharmacy first ones. It's allowed me to basically tailor make each consultation at that time without having to make the patient wait. It's a digital prescription. I'm able to approve it. It goes straight to my board. They dispense it using Titan. I don't need to be involved in that with pharmacy first. There are particular pathways that you need to follow in order to get to what is called the gateway criteria. The Gateway criteria is the sweet point by which, if a patient meets that, then you're able to provide them with a particular service on pharmacy first. So whether that be for acute sinusitis, or for an acute sore throat, like tontilitis. So those pathways are all basically set out so that you can follow it. You'll be able to see if a patient has any red flag symptoms, so you need to refer or if they meet all the criteria for you to be able to provide that service without Titan, you would literally have had to you would literally have had to have that on your screen to be able to follow it step by step. And it's not that you can't memorize that, but also you need to make sure that the patient doesn't meet any of the exclusion criteria, and you need to make sure that you haven't accidentally provided something when you shouldn't have by following step by step, when the when it shows you that clinical pathway. It highlights it when you have answered a question the patient has answered using voice transcription. It leaves it open if you haven't, so that you can look back to see actually I haven't asked that question. And then it will tell you whether you've actually they've met that criteria or not. Imagine, before titanverse, we would have been using a booking platform to be able to take the booking of that patient coming in. We would have then been using a manual piece of paper for the patient to do a risk assessment. I'd have been using a manual piece of paper to then write prescription. I'd have then needed to file that away. I then would have needed to go onto the PMR to enter it in as a prescription. This is all in one place. I only need to go to one place to find where the consultation was on one place to find a prescription. And that's Titan with titanverse. I'm sitting facing the patient, looking at them, having a conversation with them. Yes, I may need to look back every so often to check what the questions were, but because it's picking it all up, I don't need to sit there typing away afterwards. That saved me time during to make it impossible, making a more friendly experience for the patient. And again, where what software or what multiple softwares, has ever allowed you to do that before? None since titanverse And since we've been giving those consultations, as I mentioned, more personable and more friendly face to face, we've definitely seen an increase in uptake. One thing that we made very clear when we first started as early adopters with this is that the AI needed to be learning from the correct resources. And you know, when it comes to travel vaccinations, well, it can't just be learning from Google. It's got to be learning from reliable resources in the UK. You know, we use we use nothing. We use the green book. It's important that we knew that it was a closed system, that we were only entering in the appropriate information to to feed it to learn. And you know, the guys at Titan have done amazing to make sure that it's a closed system that's only being fed the appropriate information with titanverse, if you imagine, before having it, you would need to create your own paperwork, create your own risk assessment, vet them, also double check to make sure that they're appropriate to what service you're providing. The fact that Titan versus AI module is able to create that for you on the spot, to a level of detail that even me, who's been doing this service for many years, sometimes thinks, wow, even I sometimes don't think of asking those kind of questions. If. Someone who is yet to start their clinical services program in their pharmacy or thinking what step they can next take to make it more efficient, Titan versus the answer, no matter what level of experience you had, it still surprised me.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
